African-American women were among early pioneers in computing in the United States.


== History ==

African-American women were hired as mathematicians to do technical computing needed to support aeronautical and other research. They included such women as Katherine G. Johnson and Dorothy Vaughan, who had careers of decades at NASA. Among Johnson's projects was calculating the flight path for the United States' first mission into space in 1961. She is credited as co-author of 26 scientific papers. The practice in 1960 was to list only the head of the division as author. The crediting of Johnson as an author in a peer-reviewed NASA report is significant.Black women were also among the ENIAC programmers, who programmed the first digital computer for the US Army. Their stories have not been documented. Given the dearth of information regarding the contributions of women in early computer science, it is likely that other Black women have made significant contributions to computer science and society.The Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) was founded in 1947, but computer science developed later as an academic field. In 1969, Clarence "Skip" Ellis became the first Black man to earn a doctorate degree in computer science. Ten years later, the first Black woman earned a doctorate in computer science. One of the first women to earn a doctorate degree in Computer Science was Marsha R. Williams at Vanderbilt University in 1982. 
In the mid-1980s, the representation of women in computer science peaked at approximately 40%.  The decline in the representation of women has been attributed by some analysts to the increased marketing of personal computers and video games to boys. 
There has been a decline in women of all races in computing in the United States; the representation of Black women in the field has continued to be lower than that of white female peers. For example, in 1985 when the number of women in computing was at a high, 77% of the related degrees were earned by White women, while fewer than 8% were earned by Black women. In 2002, 1.3% of the computer science doctorate degrees earned were awarded to Black women. In 2017, two female computer scientists Timnit Gebru and Rediet Abebe founded the workshop Black in AI, in order to help increases the presence and inclusion of Black people in the field of artificial intelligence (AI).


== Statistics ==
The representation of black women in computer science has been historically low. This is well documented. The Integrated Postsecondary Education Data System (IPEDS) reports the following data:

Between 1977 and 2013 (the years in which data has been recorded by the NCES), the greatest number of Black women to earn a doctorate degree in computer science in one year was 10 (2008).
In 2012, the Computing Research Association (CRA) Taulbee Survey reported there were "merely 56 Black/African American computer science tenure-track faculty members at PhD-granting institutions, which includes 12 (or 0.6%), 21 (or 1.4%), and 23 (or 3.0%) Full, Associate, and Assistant Professors, respectively."


== Notable persons ==

The following is a list of notable Black women in computer science, in alphabetical order by last name:


== Representation in other media ==
Margot Lee Shetterly's book, Hidden Figures: The Story of the African-American Women Who Helped Win the Space Race (2016) recounts the achievements of Katherine Johnson and other African-American women at NASA. It was adapted as a feature film, Hidden Figures, released in 2016. It stars Taraji P. Henson as Katherine G. Johnson, Octavia Spencer as Dorothy Vaughan, and Janelle Monáe as Mary Jackson, an engineer. Kevin Costner has a supporting role.


== See also ==
Black in AI
Data for Black Lives
List of computer scientists
List of African American women in STEM fields


== References ==


== Further reading ==
Borum, Viveka, and Erica Walker. "What makes the difference? Black women's undergraduate and graduate experiences in mathematics." Journal of Negro Education 81.4 (2012): 366–378.
Charleston, LaVar J., et al. "Navigating underrepresented STEM spaces: Experiences of Black women in US computing science higher education programs who actualize success." Journal of Diversity in Higher Education 7#3 (2014): 166–76.
Cheryan, S., Drury, B.J., & Vichayapai, M. "Enduring influence of stereotypical computer science role models on women’s academic aspirations." Psychology of Women Quarterly (2013) 37:72-79 doi:10.1177/0361684312459328
Hanson, S. L.  "African American women in science: Experiences from high school through the postsecondary years and beyond. NWSA Journal (2004) 16:96–115. doi:10.2979/NWS.2004.16.1.96
McCurdy, Eric R. "Discrimination as a Barrier to Diversity: Sexism and Microaggressions against African American Women in Computer Science and Engineering" (PhD. Diss. University of Akron, 2020), bibliography pp 135-145.
McGee, Ebony O., and Lydia Bentley. "The troubled success of Black women in STEM." Cognition and Instruction 35.4 (2017): 265-289.
Morton, Terrell R., Destiny S. Gee, and Ashley N. Woodson. "Being vs. Becoming: Transcending STEM Identity Development through Afropessimism, Moving toward a Black X Consciousness in STEM." Journal of Negro Education 88.3 (2020): 327-342.
Sanders, Yolanda. "Voices of African American Women in Computer Science: Implications for K-12 Stem Education and Beyond" (PhD. Diss. Loyola University Chicago, 2020) excerpt.
Solomon, Amber, et al. "Not Just Black and Not Just a Woman: Black Women Belonging in Computing." 2018 Research on Equity and Sustained Participation in Engineering, Computing, and Technology (RESPECT) (IEEE, 2018).
Yamaguchi, Ryoko, and Jamika D. Burge. "Intersectionality in the narratives of black women in computing through the education and workforce pipeline." Journal for Multicultural Education (2019).This list is a subsection of the List of members of the National Academy of Sciences, which includes approximately 2,000 members and 350 foreign associates of the United States National Academy of Sciences, each of whom is affiliated with one of 31 disciplinary sections. Each person's name, primary institution, and election year are given. 


== Computer and information sciences ==


== References ==
Members directory
Search form for members directoryMartín Abadi (born 1963) is an Argentine computer scientist, working at Google as of 2021. He earned his Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) in computer science from Stanford University in 1987 as a student of Zohar Manna.
He is well known for his work on computer security and on programming languages, including his paper (with Michael Burrows and Roger Needham) on the Burrows–Abadi–Needham logic for analyzing authentication protocols, and his book (with Luca Cardelli) A Theory of Objects, laying out formal calculi for the semantics of object-oriented programming languages.In 1993, he published the programming language Baby Modula-3, a safe subset or sublanguage of Modula-3, based on functional programming and set theory ideals.
He is a 2008 Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery. In 2011, he was a temporary professor at the Collège de France in Paris, teaching computer security. He was elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering in 2018 for contributions to the formal theory of computer security.


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website, UCSCJanet Abbate (born June 3, 1962) is an associate professor of science, technology, and society at Virginia Tech. Her research focuses on the history of computer science and the Internet, particularly on the participation of women in the field.


== Academic career ==
Abbate received her Bachelor's degree from Harvard University and her Masters degree from the University of Pennsylvania. She also received her Ph.D. from the University of Pennsylvania in 1994. From 1996 to 1998, she was a postdoctoral fellow with the IEEE History Center, where she conducted research on women in computing. She joined the faculty of Virginia Tech's Northern Capital Region campus in 2004 and is now an associate professor and the co-director of the graduate program in Science, Technology, and Society.Prior to her academic work, Abbate was a computer programmer herself. Her background in computer programming has influenced her research approach and has been cited as relevant in reviews of her work.


== Research ==
In 1995, Abbate co-edited Standards Policy for Information Infrastructure with Brian Kahin.Abbate is the author of two books: Inventing the Internet (2000) and Recoding Gender: Women’s Changing Participation in Computing (2012). Inventing the Internet was widely reviewed as an important work in the history of computing and networking, particularly in highlighting the role of social dynamics and of non-American participation in early networking development. The book was also praised for its use of archival resources to tell the history. Though some have criticized the work, citing Abbate's computer programming background as causing issues in presenting a non-technical narrative.Recoding Gender also received positive reviews, especially for its incorporation of interviews with women in the field and for providing a historical overview of how women and gender have shaped computer programming. However, the book has also been criticized for being disjointed, claiming that the link of women in computing is not strong enough to hold the different chapters together. The book received the 2014 Computer History Museum prize.


== References ==Harold "Hal" Abelson (born April 26, 1947) is the Class of 1922 Professor of Computer Science and Engineering in the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), a fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE), and a founding director of both Creative Commons and the Free Software Foundation.
He directed the first implementation of the language Logo for the Apple II, which made the language widely available on personal computers starting in 1981; and published a widely selling book on Logo in 1982. Together with Gerald Jay Sussman, Abelson developed MIT's introductory computer science subject, The Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs (called by the course number, 6.001), a subject organized around the idea that a computer language is primarily a formal medium for expressing ideas about methodology, rather than just a way to get a computer to perform operations. Abelson and Sussman also cooperate in codirecting the MIT Project on Mathematics and Computation. The MIT OpenCourseWare (OCW) project was spearheaded by Abelson and other MIT faculty.
Abelson led an internal investigation of the school's choices and role in the prosecution of Aaron Swartz by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), which concluded that MIT did nothing wrong legally, but recommended that MIT consider changing some of its internal policies.


== Education ==
Abelson graduated with an B.A. in mathematics from Princeton University in 1969 after completing a senior thesis, titled "Actions with fixed-point set: a homology sphere", under the supervision of William Browder.He later received a Ph.D. in mathematics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1973 after completing his doctoral dissertation, titled "Topologically distinct conjugate varieties with finite fundamental group", under the supervision of Dennis Sullivan.


== Work ==


=== Computer science education ===
Abelson has a longstanding interest in using computation as a conceptual framework in teaching. He directed the first implementation of Logo for the Apple II, which made the language widely available on personal computers starting in 1981; and published a widely selling book on Logo in 1982. His book Turtle Geometry, written with Andrea diSessa in 1981, presented a computational approach to geometry which has been cited as "the first step in a revolutionary change in the entire teaching/learning process." In March 2015, a copy of Abelson's 1969 implementation of Turtle graphics was sold at The Algorithm Auction, the world’s first auction of computer algorithms.Together with Gerald Jay Sussman, Abelson developed MIT's introductory computer science subject, Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs, a subject organized around the notion that a computer language is primarily a formal medium for expressing ideas about methodology, rather than just a way to get a computer to perform operations. This work, through the textbook of the same name, videotapes of their lectures, and the availability on personal computers of the Scheme dialect of Lisp (used in teaching the course), has had a worldwide impact on university computer science education.He is a visiting faculty member at Google, where he was part of the App Inventor for Android team, an educational program aiming to make it easy for people with no programming background to write mobile phone applications and "explore whether this could change the nature of introductory computing". He is coauthor of the book App Inventor with David Wolber, Ellen Spertus, and Liz Looney, published by O'Reilly Media in 2011. After Google released App Inventor as open source software in late 2009 and provided seed funding to the MIT Media Lab in 2011, Abelson became codirector of the MIT Center for Mobile Learning to continue development of App Inventor.


=== Computing tools ===
Abelson and Sussman also cooperate in codirecting the MIT Project on Mathematics and Computation, a project of the MIT Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (CSAIL), formerly a joint project of the MIT Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (AI Lab) and MIT Laboratory for Computer Science (LCS), CSAIL's components. The goal of the project is to create better computational tools for scientists and engineers. But even with powerful numerical computers, exploring complex physical systems still requires substantial human effort and human judgement to prepare simulations and to interpret numerical results.
Together with their students, Abelson and Sussman are combining methods from numerical computation, symbolic algebra, and heuristic programming to develop programs that not only perform massive numerical computations, but that also interpret these computations and discuss the results in qualitative terms. Programs such as these could form the basis for intelligent scientific instruments that monitor physical systems based upon high-level behavioral descriptions. More generally, they could lead to a new generation of computational tools that can autonomously explore complex physical systems, and which will play an important part in the future practice of science and engineering. At the same time, these programs incorporate computational formulations of scientific knowledge that can form the foundations of better ways to teach science and engineering.


=== Free software movement ===
Abelson and Sussman have also been a part of the free software movement (FSM), including serving on the board of directors of the Free Software Foundation (FSF).Abelson is known to have been involved in publishing Andrew Huang's Hacking the Xbox and Keith Winstein's seven-line Perl DeCSS script (named qrpff), and Library Access to Music Project (LAMP), MIT's campus-wide music distribution system. The MIT OpenCourseWare (OCW) project was spearheaded by Hal Abelson and other MIT faculty.


== Aaron Swartz investigation ==

In January 2013, open access activist Aaron Swartz died by suicide. He had been arrested near MIT and was facing up to 35 years imprisonment for the alleged crime of downloading Journal Storage (JSTOR) articles through MIT's open access campus network.In response, MIT appointed professor Hal Abelson to lead an internal investigation of the school's choices and role in the prosecution of Aaron Swartz by the FBI. The report was delivered on July 26, 2013. It concluded that MIT did nothing wrong legally, but recommended that MIT consider changing some of its internal policies.


== Other affiliations ==
Abelson is also a founding director of Creative Commons and Public Knowledge, and a director of the Center for Democracy and Technology, as stated in his own biography.


== Awards and honors ==
Designated as one of MIT's six inaugural MacVicar Faculty Fellows, in 1992, in recognition of his significant and sustained contributions to teaching and undergraduate education
1992 Bose Award, the MIT School of Engineering teaching award
1995 Taylor L. Booth Education Award, given by IEEE Computer Society, cited for his continued contributions to the pedagogy and teaching of introductory computer science
2011 ACM Karl V. Karlstrom Outstanding Educator Award for "his contribution to computing education, through his innovative advances in curricula designed for students pursuing different kinds of computing expertise, and for his leadership in the movement for open educational resources"
2012 Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) SIGCSE Award for Outstanding Contribution to Computer Science Education


== Writings ==
Abelson, Harold; Sussman, Gerald Jay; Sussman, Julie (1996). Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs, Second Edition. Cambridge, Massachusetts: MIT Press. ISBN 0-262-51087-1.
Abelson, Harold; diSessa, Andrea (June 1981). Turtle Geometry: The Computer As a Medium for Exploring Mathematics. Cambridge, Massachusetts: MIT Press. ISBN 978-0-262-01063-4.
Abelson, Harold; Ledeen, Ken; Lewis, Harry R. (June 20, 2008). Blown to Bits: Your Life, Liberty, and Happiness After the Digital Explosion. Saddle River, New Jersey: Addison-Wesley. ISBN 978-0-13-713559-2.
Wolber, David; Abelson, Harold; Spertus, Ellen; Looney, Liz (2014). App Inventor 2: Create Your Own Android Apps 2nd Edition. O'Reilly Media. ISBN 978-1491906842.


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website, MIT
Creative Commons
Hal Abelson Playlist Appearance on WMBR's Dinnertime Sampler radio show May 7, 2003
Abelson on Computer Science Education on YouTube
Q&A with Professor Hal Abelson of MIT on Research at GoogleThis entry was initially based on an autobiography by Hal Abelson, posted on his website and used by permission.Gregory Dominic Abowd (born September 12, 1964) is a computer scientist best known for his work in ubiquitous computing, software engineering, and technologies for autism. He is the J.Z. Liang Professor in the School of Interactive Computing at the Georgia Institute of Technology, where he joined the faculty in 1994.


== Biography ==


=== Early life ===
Gregory Abowd was born in 1964 and raised in Farmington Hills, a suburb of Detroit, Michigan. He graduated summa cum laude with a B.S. in Honors Mathematics from the University of Notre Dame in 1986. He attended the University of Oxford in the United Kingdom as a Rhodes Scholar, where he received his M.Sc. in 1987 and his D.Phil. in 1991, both in the field of Computation.
He was a research associate from 1989 to 1992 at the University of York and a postdoctoral research associate from 1992 to 1994 at Carnegie Mellon University. In 1994, he was appointed to the faculty at the Georgia Institute of Technology, where he remains today.


=== Research interests and achievements ===
Abowd's published work is primarily in the areas of Human-Computer Interaction, Ubiquitous Computing, Software Engineering, and Computer Supported Cooperative Work.  He is particularly known for his work in ubiquitous computing, where he has made contributions in the areas of automated capture and access, context-aware computing, and smart home technologies.  Abowd's research primarily has an applications focus, where he has worked to develop systems for health care, education, the home, and individuals with autism.
At Georgia Tech, he teaches in the School of Interactive Computing in the College of Computing. He is a member of the GVU Center and directs the Ubiquitous Computing and Autism and Technology research groups. Abowd was the founding Director of the Aware Home Research Initiative and is Executive Director of the Health Systems Institute at Georgia Tech. In 2008, he founded the Atlanta Autism Consortium, a group of researchers interested in autism in Atlanta, Georgia. He is one of the authors of Human-Computer Interaction (Prentice Hall), a popular human-computer interaction textbook.Abowd's contributions to the fields of Human-Computer Interaction and Ubiquitous Computing have been recognized through his numerous awards and extensive published work. In 2008, he was named a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery, one of the top honors for computer science researchers. Within the field of Human-Computer Interaction, he has been recognized at the CHI Conference, the most prestigious publication venue in HCI, as a top researcher through induction to the CHI Academy in 2008 and was awarded the Social Impact Award in 2007. He is also one of the most prolific authors in computer science and in the field of Human-Computer Interaction.In March 2016, Abowd was named the J.Z. Liang Professor in the School of Interactive Computing.


== Selected bibliography ==
Kientz, J.A., R.I. Arriaga, and G.D. Abowd: Baby Steps: Evaluation of a System to Support Record-Keeping for Parents of Young Children. CHI 2009.
Hayes, G.R., L.M. Gardere, G.D. Abowd, K.N. Truong: CareLog: a selective archiving tool for behavior management in schools. CHI 2008: 685-694
Kientz, J.A., G.R. Hayes, T.L. Westeyn, T. Starner, G.D. Abowd: Pervasive Computing and Autism: Assisting Caregivers of Children with Special Needs. IEEE Pervasive Computing 6(1): 28-35 (2007)
Patel, S.N., K.N. Truong, and G.D. Abowd. PowerLine Positioning: A Practical Sub-Room-Level Indoor Location System for Domestic Use. Proceedings of Ubicomp 2006.
Kientz, J.A. G.R. Hayes, G.D. Abowd, R.E. Grinter: From the war room to the living room: decision support for home-based therapy teams. CSCW 2006: 209-218
Hayes, G.R., J.A. Kientz, K.N. Truong, D.R. White, G.D. Abowd, Trevor Pering: Designing Capture Applications to Support the Education of Children with Autism. Ubicomp 2004: 161-178
Abowd, G.D., and E.D. Mynatt: Charting past, present, and future research in ubiquitous computing. ACM Trans. Comput.-Hum. Interact. 7(1): 29-58 (2000)
Abowd, G.D.: Classroom 2000: An Experiment with the Instrumentation of a Living Educational Environment. IBM Systems Journal 38(4): 508-530 (1999)
Abowd, G.D., A.K. Dey, P.J. Brown, N. Davies, M. Smith, P. Steggles: Towards a Better Understanding of Context and Context-Awareness. HUC 1999: 304-307
Kidd, C.D. R. Orr, G.D. Abowd, C.G. Atkeson, I.A. Essa, B. MacIntyre, E.D. Mynatt, T. Starner, W. Newstetter: The Aware Home: A Living Laboratory for Ubiquitous Computing Research. CoBuild 1999: 191-198
Abowd, G.D. C.G. Atkeson, J.I. Hong, S. Long, R. Kooper, M. Pinkerton: Cyberguide: A mobile context-aware tour guide. Wireless Networks 3(5): 421-433 (1997)
Abowd, G.D., R.B. Allen, D. Garlan: Formalizing Style to Understand Descriptions of Software Architecture. ACM Trans. Softw. Eng. Methodol. 4(4): 319-364 (1995)


== See also ==
Mark Weiser
Jennifer Mankoff
Anind Dey
Shwetak Patel
CHI Academy


== References ==


== External links ==
Abowd's personal home page
Georgia Tech Ubiquitous Computing Research Group
Georgia Tech Autism and Technology Research Group
Aware Home Research Initiative
Health Systems Institute
Atlanta Autism ConsortiumJacob A. Abraham is an American computer scientist and engineer who is currently the Cockrell Family Regents Chair in the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of Texas at Austin. He is a member of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers and the Association for Computing Machinery.He received a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering from the University of Kerala in 1970. He received an M.S. degree, also in electrical engineering, and Ph.D., in electrical engineering and computer science, from Stanford University.Abraham is a recipient of numerous awards including the IEEE Emanuel R. Piore Award, the Jean-Claude Laprie Award, and the IEEE TTTC Lifetime Contribution Medal. He also was a fellow of both IEEE and ACM.


== References ==


== External links ==
Jacob Abraham publications indexed by Google ScholarPhilip S. Abrams is a computer science researcher who co-authored the first implementation of the programming language APL.


== APL ==
In 1962, Kenneth E. Iverson published his book A Programming Language, describing a mathematical notation for describing array operations in mathematics.  In 1965, Abrams and Lawrence M. Breed produced a compiler that translated expressions in Iverson's APL notation into IBM 7090 machine code.
In the 1970s, he was vice president of development for Scientific Time Sharing Corporation (STSC), Inc.


== Selected works ==
Abrams, Philip S., An APL Machine, Stanford Linear Accelerator Center (SLAC), February, 1970.


== References ==Yaser Said Abu-Mostafa (Arabic: ياسر سعيد أبو مصطفى) is Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at the California Institute of Technology, Chairman of Paraconic Technologies Ltd, and Chairman of Machine Learning Consultants LLC. He is known for his research and educational activities in the area of machine learning.


== Academic biography ==
Abu-Mostafa studied at Cairo University, where he earned the BSc degree in 1979. He earned the MS degree at the Georgia Institute of Technology in 1981 and the PhD degree at the California Institute of Technology in 1983. He has been on the faculty of the California Institute of Technology since 1983.In 1987, Abu-Mostafa cofounded the Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems (NIPS), a major machine learning meeting.
He is known for his recent textbook on machine learning.
He has also developed an online course about machine learning.


== References ==


== External links ==
Yaser S. Abu-Mostafa professional home pageMargareta (Maya) Ackerman is a Russian-American computer scientist known for her research in cluster analysis and algorithmic composition of music. She is an assistant professor of computer science and engineering at Santa Clara University, and the founder and CEO of algorithmic music firm WaveAI.


== Early life and education ==
Ackerman was born in the Soviet Union. She moved with her family to Israel in 1990, when she was seven years old, and five years later moved again to Canada. She was a student of computer science at the University of Waterloo, earning a bachelor's degree in 2006, master's degree in 2007, and Ph.D. in 2012. Her dissertation, supervised by Shai Ben-David, was Towards Theoretical Foundations of Clustering.


== Academic career ==
After postdoctoral research at the California Institute of Technology and the University of California, San Diego, Ackerman joined the faculty of Florida State University in 2014. She moved to San Jose State University in 2016, and to Santa Clara University in 2017.


== Contributions ==
Ackerman is the co-creator of ALYSIA, an artificially intelligent system for creating pop music tunes. She founded the company WaveAI in 2017 to commercialize this technology.She is also the author of a self-published book about her grandfather, a Polish-born holocaust survivor.


== References ==


== External links ==
Home page
Maya Ackerman publications indexed by Google ScholarForman Sinnickson Acton (August 10, 1920 – February 18, 2014) was an American computer scientist, engineer, educator and author. He was an emeritus professor in the Department of Computer Science at Princeton University.


== Education ==
Acton began his education in the Salem City School system. He left at the end of 9th grade to attend boarding school at Phillips Exeter Academy in Exeter, New Hampshire, from which he graduated in 1939. He then attended Princeton University, obtaining his Bachelor of Science degree in 1943, and his Master of Science degree in chemical engineering in 1944. 
He was drafted into the Army in June 1944, and worked for the U.S. Army at Oak Ridge, at a facility that played a key role in the Manhattan Project, for the remainder of World War II. After the war, he became the second graduate from Carnegie Institute of Technology to earn a Ph.D. in Applied Mathematics.


== Career ==
Acton spent three years at the U.S. National Bureau of Standards' Institute for Numerical Analysis at the University of California at Los Angeles, where he worked on a machine called SWAC (Standards Western Automatic Computer), one of the first digital computers.In 1952, he returned to Princeton to teach in the mathematics department, and served as director of the Analytical Research Group. While there, his group worked on military weapons, contributing to systems such as the U-2 spy plane and the Nike anti-aircraft missile. He also became an expert and teacher on the IAS Machine, another of the first computers, which was located at the Institute for Advanced Study.
During this time, Acton worked with other important figures in early computing, including Princeton Professor John Tukey, who coined the terms "software" and "bit," and Thomas Kurtz, who went on to co-invent the computer language BASIC. Other contemporaries he knew and worked with included Albert W. Tucker, Grace Hopper, Richard Feynman, James H. Wilkinson, Claude Shannon, John Backus, and John Nash.Acton moved to the Department of Electrical Engineering in 1955. In 1963, he made the first of two extended visits to the Indian Institute of Technology at Kanpur, India, where he helped establish the school's early computing facilities and courses. He initially stayed for one year, and he returned in 1967 to teach and offer organizational advice.
As computing evolved, Princeton's electrical engineering department added "computer science" to its name before the Department of Computer Science became its own department in 1985. Acton retired as professor of computer science in 1989.


== Books ==
Acton is known for his 1970 book Numerical Methods That Work, which was reissued in 1997 by the Mathematical Association of America. More recently, he published Real Computing Made Real: Preventing Errors in Scientific and Engineering Calculations.


== Philanthropy ==
Before his death, Acton made several anonymous scholarship donations to students in the Salem City School District in Salem County, NJ. Before he died, he made it clear to friends and confidants that he wanted youth in the Salem area, where he was born and raised, to have access to the educational experiences he enjoyed. The Forman S. Acton Educational Foundation was officially incorporated in October 2014, and it currently provides financial assistance for youth in the greater Salem community.[1]


== References ==


== External links ==
Computer Oral History Collection, Archives Center, National Museum of American History.
Forman S. Acton at the Mathematics Genealogy ProjectSibel Adalı is a Turkish-American computer scientist who studies trust in social networks and uncertainty in decision-making. She is a professor of computer science at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, and associate dean for research at Rensselaer.


== Education and career ==
Adalı graduated in 1991 from Bilkent University, with a bachelor's degree in computer engineering and information science. She went to the University of Maryland, College Park for her graduate studies in computer science, earning a master's degree in 1994 and completing her Ph.D. in 1996. Her dissertation, Query Processing in Heterogeneous Mediated Systems, was supervised by V. S. Subrahmanian.She became a faculty member at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in 1996.


== Book ==
Adalı wrote the book Modeling Trust Context in Networks (Springer, 2013).


== Personal ==
Adalı maintains a web site of Turkish poetry, with translations into many other languages.She is the sister of electrical engineer Tülay Adalı.


== References ==


== External links ==
Home page
Sibel Adalı publications indexed by Google ScholarTülay Adalı is a Distinguished University Professor of Computer Science and Electrical Engineering at the University of Maryland, Baltimore County, whose research interests include signal processing, machine learning, and data fusion.With Simon Haykin, she is the author of the book Adaptive Signal Processing: Next Generation Solutions (Wiley, 2010), and with Eric Moreau, she is the author of Blind Identification and Separation of Complex-valued Signals (Wiley, 2013).
In 2008 she became a Fellow of the American Institute for Medical and Biological Engineering "for outstanding research, mentorship, and leadership in the field of biomedical imaging and signal processing", and in 2009 she became a Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers "For contributions to
nonlinear and complex-valued statistical signal processing". She was an IEEE Signal Processing Society Distinguished Lecturer for 2012–2013, and has been named a Fulbright Scholar for 2015.She is the sister of computer scientist Sibel Adalı.


== References ==


== External links ==
Home page
Tülay Adalı publications indexed by Google ScholarJeanne Clare Adams (June 15, 1921 – April 21, 2007) was an American computer scientist. She was Chairman of the ANSI X3J3 Fortran Standards Committee that "developed the controversial Fortran 8X proposal".
She graduated with a BS in economics from the University of Michigan in 1943, and an MS in telecommunications and electrical engineering from the University of Colorado in 1979. Her longest held position was at the National Center for Atmospheric Research, Boulder, Colorado, from 1960-1981, serving from 1984-1997 as deputy head of the Computing Division. Adams was also chair of the International Standards Organization Committee on Programming Languages (TC97/SC5), now ISO/IEC JTC 1/SC 7 and the ANSI Fortran Standards Committee (X3J3). Adams wrote reference manuals for computer equipment such as the CYBER 205.


== Selected publications ==
Adams, Jeanne C., Walter S. Brainerd, and Charles H. Coldberg, Programmer's Guide to Fortran 90, McGraw-Hill, New York, 1990.
Adams, Jeanne C., Walter S. Brainerd, J. Martin, B. Smith, and J. Wagener, Fortran 90 Handbook, McGraw-Hill, New York, 1992.


== References ==Mark Adler (born 1959) is an American software engineer. He is best known for his work in the field of data compression as the author of the Adler-32 checksum function, and a co-author together with Jean-loup Gailly of the zlib compression library and gzip. He has contributed to Info-ZIP, and has participated in developing the Portable Network Graphics (PNG) image format.
Adler was also the Spirit Cruise Mission Manager for the Mars Exploration Rover mission.


== Early life and education ==
Adler was born in Miami, Florida, and raised as the only child of David and Bertha Adler.  Adler earned his Bachelor of Science in mathematics and Master of Science in electrical engineering degrees from the University of Florida in 1981 and 1985, respectively.  In 1990, Adler earned his Ph.D. in physics from the California Institute of Technology.


== Career ==


=== Post-doctoral ===
After his doctorate, Adler worked for Hughes Aircraft in their Space and Communications Group, working on diverse projects including the analysis of the effects of X-ray bursts on satellite cables, development of new error-correcting codes, designing an automobile anti-theft key, and digital image and video compression research (wavelets and MPEG-2).


=== Mars exploration ===
From 1992 through 1995, Adler was the Lead Mission Engineer on the Cassini–Huygens mission. Afterwards, he became the Mars Exploration Program Architect at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) from 1996 through 1998, which meant that Adler was responsible for planning the Mars exploration missions from 2001 on as well as handling inter-project engineering issues for missions in flight and in development during the time. In 1999 and early 2000, Adler was the Mission and Systems Manager and Chief Engineer for the Mars Sample Return project, which was to launch three missions in 2003 and 2005 to bring Martian samples back to Earth in 2008. The project was canceled after the failure of Mars Polar Lander.


=== Mars Exploration Rover mission ===
Adler initiated and led a three-and-a-half-week study on the concept that was later selected as the Mars Exploration Rover (MER) mission for 2003. He has served as the Deputy Mission System Manager, the Acting Project Engineer, the Deputy Assembly, Test, and Launch Operations Manager, the Landing Site Selection Engineer, and the Spirit Mission Manager.


=== Low Density Supersonic Decelerator ===
Adler is currently the project chief of the Low Density Supersonic Decelerator.


== Personal life and interests ==
Adler is an instrument-rated private pilot, a certified scuba diver, and an amateur theater actor.He lives with Diana St. James in La Cañada, California. They have two children, Joshua and Zachary. St. James works at the California Institute of Technology and acts in and directs theatrical performances.


== Awards and recognition ==
Together with co-author Jean-loup Gailly, Adler received the 2009 USENIX Software Tools User Group (STUG) award for their contributions to FLOSS algorithms for data compression.


== References ==Sarita Vikram Adve is the Richard T. Cheng Professor of Computer Science at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. Her research interests are in computer architecture and systems, parallel computing, and power and reliability-aware systems.


== Contributions ==
In the areas of memory consistency models for multiprocessors, Adve co-developed the memory models for the C++ and Java programming languages, which are based on her early work on data-race-free models. In hardware reliability she co-developed the concept of lifetime reliability aware architectures and dynamic reliability management. In power management she led the design of one of the first systems to implement cross-layer energy management. She co-authored some of the first papers on exploiting Instruction level parallelism for memory system performance. She also led the development of the widely used RSIM architecture simulator,  which can be used to evaluate shared-memory multiprocessors with Instruction level parallelism.


== Education and career ==
Adve completed a Bachelor of Technology degree in electrical engineering at Indian Institute of Technology Bombay in 1987. She subsequently completed a Master of Science (1989) and Ph.D. (1993) in computer science at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. Before joining Illinois, Adve was a member of faculty at Rice University from 1993 to 1999. She served on the NSF CISE directorate's advisory committee from 2003 to 2005 and on the expert group to revise the Java memory model from 2001 to 2005. She served as chair of ACM SIGARCH from 2015–2019.


== Awards and honors ==
Adve received the Ken Kennedy Award in 2018, the ACM SIGARCH Maurice Wilkes award in 2008, an IBM faculty award in 2005, was named a UIUC University Scholar in 2004, received an Alfred P. Sloan Research Fellowship in 1998, an IBM University Partnership award in 1997 and 1998, and a National Science Foundation CAREER award in 1995. She was named a Fellow of the ACM in 2010. She was the winner of the 2012 ABIE Award for Innovation from the Anita Borg Institute. In 2020, she was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.


== References ==


== External links ==
Sarita Adve's HomepageGul Agha (گُل آغا) is a professor of computer science at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, and director of the Open Systems Laboratory. He is known for his work on the actor model of concurrent computation, and was also Editor-in-Chief of ACM Computing Surveys from 1999 to 2007.
Agha completed his B.S. with honors from the California Institute of Technology in the year 1977 and received his Ph.D. in Computer and Communication Science from the University of Michigan in 1986, under the supervision of John Holland. However, much of his doctoral research was carried out in Carl Hewitt's Message-Passing Semantics Group at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). Agha's dissertation was published by the MIT Press as Actors: a model of concurrent computation in distributed systems, a book which, according to the ACM Guide to Computing Literature, has been cited over 3000 times. Agha was born and completed his early schooling in Sindh, Pakistan. He received his B.S. with honors from the California Institute of Technology in 1977.


== Interests ==
Agha enjoys Blues music and is a vegan and a pacifist.  He has three daughters, including filmmaker Sindha Agha and lives with his wife, Jennifer S. Cole in Illinois.


== Awards ==
Agha became a Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) in 2002. He is also a Golden Core Member of the IEEE Computer Society, and a recipient of the IEEE Computer Society Meritorious Service Award, and was an International Lecturer for the ACM from 1992 to 1997.
Agha was elected as an ACM Fellow in 2018 for "research in concurrent programming and formal methods, specifically the Actor Model".


== See also ==
Agent based modeling
SALSA (programming language)


== References ==


== External links ==
Agha's official webpage at UIUC
Gul A. Agha at DBLP Bibliography Server 
Gul Agha publications indexed by Google ScholarDr. Ashok Agrawala is Professor in the Department of Computer Science at University of Maryland at College Park and Director of the Maryland Information and Network Dynamics (MIND) Lab. He is the author of seven books and over two hundred peer-reviewed publications. Glenn Ricart and Ashok Agrawala developed the Ricart-Agrawala Algorithm. The Ricart-Agrawala Algorithm is an algorithm for mutual exclusion on a distributed system. This algorithm is an extension and optimization of Lamport's Distributed Mutual Exclusion Algorithm


== Biography ==
Agrawala received B.E. and M.E. degrees in Electrical Engineering from Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore, India in 1963 and 1965 respectively; Masters and Ph.D. degrees in Applied Mathematics from Harvard University, Cambridge, Massachusetts under the supervision of Yu-Chi Ho in 1970.He started his professional career as Senior Engineer at the Applied Research Lab of Honeywell in Waltham, Massachusetts in 1968 and developed an Optical character recognition machine.  He started his academic career at the University of Maryland, College Park in 1971 as Assistant Professor of Computer Science where he rose to the rank of Full Professor in 1982.


== Academic work ==
He worked on the Hard Real-time operating system, Maruti, which also addressed the fault tolerance issues. This work led to the two books he wrote in these areas.
Agrawala started the MIND Lab (Maryland Information and Network Dynamics Lab) in 2001 and continues to serve as its director. The Lab has been involved in the development indoor location technology and accurate clock synchronization technology, and actively participated in the semantic web research. The technologies developed in the MIND lab have resulted in 4 startup companies in Maryland.  he also started the MAXWell Lab which became the only WiMAX Forum Applications Lab in the western hemisphere.
Recently his work focuses on Context-aware pervasive systems  and has developed, M-Urgency, a system to support public safety by providing real-time audio and video, along with location etc. from an incident scene. The general framework for context-aware system is being developed as Rover System which is designed to provide relevant information to decision makers about a situation at hand.
In a research study, he was recognized to be the 27th top nurturer in Computer Science in the worldHe was elected Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers  in 1991  and a Fellow of the AAAS in 2005. He is a Senior Member of then ACM, and a member of Sigma Xi.


=== Achievements ===
Development of M-Urgency: Groundbreaking Smartphone App Fights Crime at UMD
Introducing the Ricart/Agrawala algorithm for distributed mutual exclusion leading to major worldwide research activities
Development of the Maruti Operating System and program development environment demonstrating temporal guarantees of few tens of nanoseconds for making any software event happen while running on commercial Pentium processors
Development of Cyclone technology giving a jitter-free, loss-free delivery of data end-to-end in very high speed networks [2]
Development of Horus Technology, an indoor location technology based on RSSI in WiFi environment giving accuracy of less than 2 ft.[3]
Development of PinPoint Technology, a time of flight based, highly accurate location technology that allows users to locate objects within inches of specified coordinates both indoors and outdoors and synchronize clocks to within 20 ns [4]
Development of Context-Aware system, Rover, for providing significantly improving situational awareness [5]


== References ==

1.Glenn Ricart and Ashok Agrawala, “An Optimal Algorithm for Mutual Exclusion in Computer Networks”, Communications of the ACM, Vol. 23, No. 1, January 1981, pp. 9–17.
2. Shem-Tov Levi and Ashok Agrawala, "Real-Time System Design", McGraw Hill, New York, 1990.
3. Shem-Tov Levi and Ashok Agrawala, "Fault Tolerant System Design", McGraw Hill, New York, 1993.
4. Ashok Agrawala et al., “Rover: Scalable Location-Aware Computing”, IEEE Computer, IEEE Computer Society, Vol 35, No. 10, October 2002, pp. 46–53.
5. S. Krishnamoorthy, P. Bhargava, Matthew Mah and Ashok Agrawala, “Representing and Managing the Context of a Situation,” The Computer Journal, Vol. 55, Issue 8, pages 1005-1019, 2012 Oxford University Press.
6. Moustafa Youseff and Ashok Agrawala, “The Horus Location Determination System,” Journal of Wireless Networks (WINET), 2007.


== External links ==
Ashok Agrawala
Dr. Ashok Agrawala, Director of the Maryland Information and Network Dynamics (MIND) Lab
Dr. Ashok Agrawala publicationVITA Samaritan of the Year Award 2012 [6]
WUSA9 NEWS on Dr. Ashok Agrawala: M-Urgency: Groundbreaking Smartphone App Fights Crime at UMD

YouTube video on Ashok AgrawalaBBC News-Mobile phone applications built to save lives [7]
Crimefighting App Launched At University, Created By Professor and Team [8]
Cool app: University app turns smartphones into live broadcast tool for security [9]Ishfaq Ahmad is a computer scientist, IEEE Fellow and Professor of Computer Science and Engineering at the University of Texas at Arlington (UTA). He is the Director of Center For Advanced Computing Systems (CACS) and has previously directed IRIS (Institute of Research in Security) at UTA. He is widely recognized for his  contributions to scheduling techniques in parallel and distributed computing systems, and video coding.


== Education ==
He received his Ph.D. degree in Computer Science and an M.S. degree in Computer Engineering from Syracuse University College of Engineering and Computer Science in 1992 and 1987, respectively; and a B.Sc. degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of Engineering and Technology, Lahore in Pakistan, in 1985. Prior to joining the University of Texas, he was an associate professor of Computer Science Department at the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology (HKUST). At HKUST, he also directed the university's Multi-media Technology Research Center.


== Research ==
His research focus is on the broader areas of parallel and distributed computing systems and their applications, optimization algorithms, multimedia systems, video compression, assistive technologies, smart power grid, and energy-aware sustainable computing. His research work is published in 250 articles in books, and peer-reviewed journals and conference proceedings.  Professor Ishfaq Ahmad's current research is funded by the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ), National Science Foundation (NSF), Department of Education (GAANN Project), Semiconductor Research Corporation (SRC), Adobe Inc. and Texas Instruments.
He is leading several efforts in sustainable computing and computing for sustainability. This includes launching of a new journal with Elsevier, Sustainable Computing: Informatics and Systems (SUSCOM) of which he is the founding editor-in-chief, and launching of the International Green Computing Conference.


== Awards ==
Professor Ishfaq Ahmad has received numerous international research awards, including several best paper awards at leading conferences proceedings and top ranked journals, such as IEEE Circuits and Systems Society – 2007 Circuits and Systems for Video Technology Transactions Best Paper Award, IEEE Service Appreciation Award, and 2008 Outstanding Area Editor Award from the IEEE Transactions on Circuits and Systems for Video Technology. His research work in high-performance computing and video compression is widely cited with over 17,000 citations to his papers. He is listed in Pride of Pakistan, Hall of Fame. He is a Fellow of IEEE.


== Other appointments ==
In addition to being a full-time professor at University of Texas at Arlington, he is also

Visiting scientist at the U.S. Air Force Research Laboratory in Rome, New York
Visiting scientist at the Institute of Computing Technology (ICT) in Beijing, China
Honorary professor at the University of Electronic Sciences at Chengdu, China
Honorary professor at the Amity University in India and UAE
Certified ABET (Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology) evaluator
Member of the advisory board for European Commission on Energy Efficiency in Information and Communication Technologies
Fellow of the IEEE
Distinguished Life Fellow of the IDES (Institute of Doctors, Engineers, and Scientists) of India
Member of the supercomputing advisory board for Lifeboat Foundation
Founding Editor-in-Chief of the Journal, Sustainable Computing: Informatics and Systems
Co-founder of the International Green and Sustainable Computing (IGSC) ConferenceIn addition, he has served as editor of IEEE Transactions on Parallel and Distributed Systems, IEEE Distributed Systems Online, Journal of Parallel and Distributed Computing, IEEE Transactions on Circuits and Systems for Video Technology, and IEEE Transactions on Multimedia.


== Notable publications ==
[BOOK] Handbook of Energy-Aware and Green Computing. Ishfaq Ahmad and Sanjay Ranka, Chapman and Hall/CRC Press, Taylor and Francis Group LLC, Jan. 2012, two volumes, over 1200 pages.
[BOOK]  Handbook of Exascale Computing. Sanjay Ranka and Ishfaq Ahmad. Under publication, Chapman and Hall/CRC Press, expected mid-2018.
Static scheduling algorithms for allocating directed task graphs to multiprocessors. YK Kwok, Ishfaq Ahmad, ACM Computing Surveys 31 (4), 406-471.
Dynamic critical-path scheduling: An effective technique for allocating task graphs to multiprocessors. YK Kwok, Ishfaq Ahmad, IEEE transactions on parallel and distributed systems 7 (5), 506-521.    
Benchmarking and comparison of the task graph scheduling algorithms. YK Kwok, Ishfaq Ahmad, Journal of Parallel and Distributed Computing 59 (3), 381-422. 
Video transcoding: an overview of various techniques and research issues. Ishfaq  Ahmad, X Wei, Y Sun, YQ Zhang, IEEE Transactions on multimedia 7 (5), 793-804.           
Power-rate-distortion analysis for wireless video communication under energy constraints. Z He, Y Liang, L Chen, Ishfaq Ahmad, D Wu, IEEE Transactions on Circuits and Systems for Video Technology 15 (5), 645-658.   
On exploiting task duplication in parallel program scheduling. Ishfaq Ahmad, YK Kwok, IEEE Transactions on Parallel and Distributed Systems 9 (9), 872-892. 
Optimal task assignment in heterogeneous distributed computing systems. M Kafil, Ishfaq Ahmad, IEEE concurrency 6 (3), 42-50.
Efficient scheduling of arbitrary task graphs to multiprocessors using a parallel genetic algorithm. YK Kwok, Ishfaq Ahmad, Journal of Parallel and Distributed Computing 47 (1), 58-77.     
A cooperative game theoretical technique for joint optimization of energy consumption and response time in computational grids. SU Khan, Ishfaq Ahmad, IEEE Transactions on Parallel and Distributed Systems 20 (3), 346-360.         
An integrated technique for task matching and scheduling onto distributed heterogeneous computing systems. MK Dhodhi, I Ahmad, A Yatama, I Ahmad, Journal of parallel and distributed computing 62 (9), 1338-1361.   
Semi-distributed load balancing for massively parallel multicomputer systems. Ishfaq Ahmad, A Ghafoor, IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering 17 (10), 987-1004.         
A fast adaptive motion estimation algorithm. Ishfaq Ahmad, W Zheng, J Luo, M Liou, IEEE Transactions on circuits and systems for video technology 16 (3), 420-438.    


== References ==Ravindra K. Ahuja (born February 20, 1956) is an Indian-born American computer scientist and entrepreneur. He is currently Professor of Industrial and Systems Engineering at the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, and CEO of the automation and optimization solutions provider Optym, which he founded in 2000 as Innovative Scheduling, Inc.Ahuja specializes in mathematical modeling, state-of-the-art network optimization techniques and solving large-scale scheduling problems arising in logistics and transportation. He has developed models and algorithms for scheduling and logistics problems in airline, trucking and railroad industries worldwide. Many of these industry-specific problems were previously considered intractable. Ahuja’s optimization solutions are implemented by Optym’s advanced decision support systems.Ahuja has provided scholarly contributions to the theory and applications of network optimization 
. He co-authored more than 100 research papers and book chapters in the areas of Industrial Engineering, Operations Research and Computer Science. He also co-authored three textbooks  and served as Associate Editor of three journals: Operations Research, Transportation Science and Networks.


== Early life and education ==
Ravindra K. Ahuja was born in Rampur, Uttar Pradesh, India.


=== Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur ===
In 1972, Ahuja entered the Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur (IIT Kanpur), to study mechanical engineering. He earned a Bachelor of Science in mechanical engineering in 1977 and continued his education as a graduate student at his alma mater. Between 1977 and 1979, he studied maximal arc-disjoint and node-disjoint flow in multicommodity networks  and earned a Master of Science in Industrial & Management Engineering. In 1982, he earned a Ph.D. in Industrial & Management Engineering   (BB) for his work on the role of parametric programming in network flow problems.


== Career ==


=== Professor ===
Ahuja has held positions at several prestigious universities, including at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) Sloan School of Management as Visiting Professor from 1986 to 1998, at the Rutgers University School of Management as Visiting Professor from 1996 to 1997 and at the Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur (IIT Kanpur), in India as a faculty member from 1982 to 1996. Since 1998, Ahuja has served as Professor of Industrial and Systems Engineering at the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida.Throughout his academic career, Ahuja mentored several doctoral students  and taught graduate and undergraduate courses, including Operations Research for Management, Introduction to Management Science, Introduction to Computing and Programming Languages, Network Flow Algorithms, Network Optimization, Combinatorial Optimization, Database Management Systems, Design of Production Systems and Operations Management.Ahuja has contributed to the theory and applications of network optimization and specializes in network flows and network flow modeling. Specifically, Ahuja is a specialist in the domains of airline network planning, railroad planning and scheduling, less-than-truckload (LTL) optimization, pickup and delivery, network optimization, supply chain management and the modeling and optimization of large-scale logistics problems. He co-authored more than 100 research papers and book chapters in prestigious, peer-reviewed research journals. Ahuja founded the SCaLE (Supply Chain and Logistics Engineering) Center at the University of Florida, which encourages joint research and applied projects among faculty from Engineering, Computer Science and Business Administration in conjunction with industry participants.


=== Entrepreneur ===
While conducting research for transportation and logistics companies, Ahuja discovered a large discrepancy between academic theory and prevailing industry practices. He observed that advances taking place in optimization and computer science were not benefitting the transportation and logistics industry, which continued to use rudimentary techniques. Determined to change that, Ahuja founded Innovative Scheduling, Inc. in 2000, which changed its name to Optym in 2014, to bring the latest advances from academic theory into the business world.Over the years, Ahuja has played a key role in Optym’s evolution from a local start-up to a global provider of ground-breaking decision automation and optimization solutions in the fields of transportation and logistics. As Founder & CEO of Optym, he is a hands-on innovator and leader who works with colleagues to solve business problems, design algorithms and create effective user interfaces. He also performs consulting work and oversees new product development, partnership opportunities and business development initiatives.


=== Author ===
Ahuja co-authored three books: “Network Flows: Theory, Algorithms, and Applications”, first published in 1993; “Developing Spreadsheet-Based Decision Support Systems”, published in 2007, and “Developing Web-Enabled Decision Support Systems”, also published in 2007. The textbook “Network Flows: Theory, Algorithms, and Applications” has sold more than 20,000 copies.


== Awards and honors ==
1993: Frederick W. Lanchester Prize for best publication of the year in Operations Research and Management Science, INFORMS, “Network Flows: Theory, Algorithms, and Applications” 
2003: Pierskalla Award for best paper in Health Applications of Operations Research, INFORMS, “A Column Generation Approach to Radiation Therapy Treatment Planning using Aperture Modulation” 
2006: Daniel H. Wagner Award for Excellence in Operations Research Practice, INFORMS, “Solving Real-Life Railroad Blocking Problems” 
2007: Koopman Prize for outstanding contribution to Military Operations Research, INFORMS, “Exact and Heuristic Algorithms for the Weapon-Target Assignment Problem” 
2007: Finalist for the Innovations in Curriculum Award for his role in developing curriculum that would integrate information technology skills within the Industrial Engineering and Operations Research curriculum, Institute of Industrial Engineers (IIE) 
2008: INFORMS Fellow Award for contributions to algorithmic research in network optimization, to the development of innovative methods in transportation scheduling and to the practice in the railroad industry 
2010: Honorable Mention for the Transportation and Logistics Society Best Paper Competition, INFORMS
2013: Railway Application Section Distinguished Member Award, INFORMS 
2015: Florida Governor's Business Ambassador Award 
2017: Finalist for Ernst and Young Entrepreneur of the Year in the Florida region 


== References ==


== External links ==
"Ravindra K. Ahuja, Ph.D.". University of Florida, Gainesville. Retrieved April 21, 2017.
optym.com
SCaLE (Supply Chain and Logistics Engineering Center)Anastasia Ailamaki is a Professor of Computer Sciences at the École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL) in Switzerland and the Director of the Data-Intensive Applications and Systems (DIAS) lab. She is also the co-founder of RAW Labs SA, a Swiss company developing real-time analytics infrastructures for heterogeneous big data. Formerly, she was an associate professor of computer science at Carnegie Mellon School of Computer Science.Ailamaki's research interests are in the broad area of database systems and applications, with emphasis on database system behavior on modern processor hardware and disks. 


== Education ==
Ailamaki studied computer science at the University of Patras, and earned her first master's degree at the Technical University of Crete followed by a second diploma from the University of Rochester. She received her Ph.D. in computer science from the University of Wisconsin-Madison in 2000.


== Career ==
She is the recipient of ten Best Paper and Best Demo awards and was awarded Young Investigator Award  by the European Science Foundation. In 2013 she received an ERC Consolidator Award  for the ViDa: Transforming raw data into information through virtualization project.  She is a Fellow of the IEEE and ACM, a member of Academia Europaea, and the Vice Chair of the Special Interest Group of Management of Data (SIGMOD) within the Association for Computing Machinery. She is a member of the Expert Network of the World Economic Forum and CRA-W mentor.
Ailamaki is the author of over 200 peer-reviewed articles published in such journals as the Conference on Innovative Data Systems Research, VLDB, SIGMOD, ACM Transactions on Database Systems.


== Honors and awards ==
ACM SIGMOD Edgar F. Codd Innovations Award (2019)]: the SIGMOD Edgar F. Codd Innovations Award is given for innovative and highly significant contributions of enduring value to the development, understanding, or use of database systems.
NEMITSAS Prize 2018 in Computer Science: the President of the Republic of Cyprus, on behalf of the Takis and Louki Nemitsas Foundation, presents the Nemitsas Prize to one laureate for contributions in his/her scientific field which have been recognized at an international level.
IEEE Fellow (since 01/2018): “For contributions to hardware-conscious database systems and scientific data management”
ACM Fellow (since 01/2015): “For contributions to the design, implementation, and evaluation of modern database systems”


== References ==


== External links ==
Anastasia Ailamaki publications indexed by Google ScholarMiklós Ajtai (born 2 July 1946) is a computer scientist at the IBM Almaden Research Center, United States. In 2003, he received the Knuth Prize for his numerous contributions to the field, including a classic sorting network algorithm (developed jointly with J. Komlós and Endre Szemerédi), exponential lower bounds, superlinear time-space tradeoffs for branching programs, and other "unique and spectacular" results. He is a member of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences.


== Selected results ==
One of Ajtai's results states that the length of proofs in propositional logic of the pigeonhole principle for n items grows faster than any polynomial in n. He also proved that the statement "any two countable structures that are second-order equivalent are also isomorphic" is both consistent with and independent of ZFC. Ajtai and Szemerédi proved the corners theorem, an important step toward higher-dimensional generalizations of the Szemerédi theorem. With Komlós and Szemerédi he proved the ct2/log t upper bound for the Ramsey number R(3,t). The corresponding lower bound was proved by Kim only in 1995, a result that earned him a Fulkerson Prize.  With Chvátal, Newborn, and Szemerédi, Ajtai proved the crossing number inequality, that any drawing of a graph with n vertices and m edges, where m > 4n, has at least m3 / 100n2 crossings. Ajtai and Dwork devised in 1997 a lattice-based public-key cryptosystem; Ajtai has done extensive work on lattice problems. For his numerous contributions in Theoretical Computer Science he received the Knuth Prize.


== Biodata ==
Ajtai received his Candidate of Sciences degree in 1976 from the Hungarian Academy of Sciences. Since 1995 he has been an external member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences.
In 1998 he was an Invited Speaker of the International Congress of Mathematicians in Berlin. In 2012 he was elected as a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. In 2021 he was elected a member of the National Academy of Sciences.


== Bibliography ==
Ajtai, Miklós (10 May 2008). "Optimal lower bounds for the Korkine-Zolotareff parameters of a lattice and for Schnorr's algorithm for the shortest vector problem". Theory of Computing. 4: 21–51. doi:10.4086/toc.2008.v004a002.
Ajtai, Miklós (5 October 2005). "A Non-linear Time Lower Bound for Boolean Branching Programs". Theory of Computing. 1: 149–176. doi:10.4086/toc.2005.v001a008.
Ajtai, M. (1996). "Generating hard instances of lattice problems (Extended abstract)". Proceedings of the twenty-eighth annual ACM symposium on Theory of computing - STOC '96. pp. 99–108. doi:10.1145/237814.237838. ISBN 978-0-89791-785-8. S2CID 6864824.


== Selected papers ==
Ajtai, M. (September 1979). "Isomorphism and higher order equivalence". Annals of Mathematical Logic. 16 (3): 181–203. doi:10.1016/0003-4843(79)90001-9.
Ajtai, M.; Komlós, J.; Szemerédi, E. (March 1982). "Largest random component of a k-cube". Combinatorica. 2 (1): 1–7. doi:10.1007/BF02579276. S2CID 7903662.


== References ==


== External links ==
Miklós Ajtai home page
Miklós Ajtai publications indexed by Microsoft Academic
Miklós Ajtai at the Mathematics Genealogy ProjectSrinivasa Aditya Akella is a computer scientist, professor and Regents Chair Professor at the University of Texas at Austin. He is notable for research in software-defined networking, big data systems, low latency networking, content distribution and network function virtualization.


== Career ==
Akella completed his undergraduate studies at the Indian Institute of Technology, Madras in 2000, then received his PhD in 2005 from Carnegie Mellon University with a thesis titled End Point-based Routing Strategies for Improving Internet Performance and Resilience. His doctoral advisor was Srinivasan Seshan. He completed a post-doc at Stanford University working with Nick McKeown where he worked on early efforts in SDN. In 2006 Akella joined the University of Wisconsin-Madison as an assistant professor, then later became an associate professor in 2012 and a full professor in 2017. In 2021, he joined the UT Austin Computer Science Department.
He leads the UT Networked Systems (UTNS) Research Group and is one of the Principal Investigators leading CloudLab.
In 2014, SIGCOMM gave him their Rising Star Award for contributions to network management and content delivery. Akella holds over 15 patents related to computer networking and distributed systems. He has published 225 research papers in refereed international conferences and journals with his coworkers and his publications have been cited over 10,000 times (H-index=53).Akella was chosen as a finalist in Physical Sciences and Engineering for both the 2021 and 2020 Blavatnik National Award for his contributions to improving the speed, efficiency and reliability of data center infrastructure. His ongoing research focuses on systems for machine learning, low latency networking, big data systems and intent-driven networking.


== Awards ==
2021: Blavatnik Awards for Young Scientists, Finalist
2020: Blavatnik Awards for Young Scientists, Finalist
2018: H.I. Romnes Faculty Associate
2017: Vilas Associate
2015: Internet Research Task Force Applied Networking Research Prize
2014: SIGCOMM Rising Star Award


== Personal life ==
Akella is a native of Hyderabad, India, and currently resides in Austin, Texas. His wife Shuchi Chawla is also a computer science professor at the University of Texas-Austin.


== References ==


== External links ==
Home page
Aditya Akella publications indexed by Google ScholarRama Akkiraju is a computer scientist at the IBM Almaden Research Center, home of the Watson computer. She performs research in the field of artificial intelligence, particularly helming the team responsible for the "Tone Analyzer". She leads the mission of "People Insights" at IBM, developing "technologies that infer personalities, emotions, tone, attitudes, and intentions from social media data using linguistic and machine learning techniques".In 2019 IBM listed her as an IBM Fellow.


== Selected research ==
Akkiraju, Rama, Joel Farrell, John A. Miller, Meenakshi Nagarajan, Amit P. Sheth, and Kunal Verma. "Web service semantics-wsdl-s." (2005).
Doshi, Prashant, Richard Goodwin, Rama Akkiraju, and Kunal Verma. "Dynamic workflow composition: Using markov decision processes." International Journal of Web Services Research (IJWSR) 2, no. 1 (2005): 1-17.
Akkiraju, Rama, Richard Goodwin, Prashant Doshi, and Sascha Roeder. "A Method for Semantically Enhancing the Service Discovery Capabilities of UDDI." In IIWeb, pp. 87–92. 2003.
Elmeleegy, Hazem, Anca Ivan, Rama Akkiraju, and Richard Goodwin. "Mashup advisor: A recommendation tool for mashup development." In 2008 IEEE International Conference on Web Services, pp. 337–344. IEEE, 2008.


== References ==


== External links ==
NPR article on IBM's work by Akkiraju
IBM Tone Analyzer website
IBM: Humanizing Digital Conversations, by Akkiraju on App Developer MagazineAllan Alcorn (born January 1, 1948) is an American pioneering engineer and computer scientist best known for creating Pong, one of the first video games.


== Atari and Pong ==

Alcorn grew up in San Francisco, California, and attended the University of California, Berkeley, graduating with a Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences in 1971.
He worked for the pioneering video company Ampex, where he met Ted Dabney and several other people that would end up being constants through the Atari, Inc., Apple, Cyan Engineering and Pizza Time Theater (now known as Chuck E. Cheese's) companies.
Alcorn was the designer of the video arcade game Pong, creating it under the direction of Nolan Bushnell and Dabney. Pong was a hit in the 1970s.
In addition to direct involvement with all the breakout Atari products, such as the Atari 2600, Alcorn was involved at some of the historic meetings of Steve Wozniak and Steve Jobs (at that time an Atari employee) presenting their Apple I prototype.
Alcorn was the person who hired Steve Jobs when he applied for a job at Atari in 1974. Jobs had seen a help-wanted ad in the San Jose Mercury newspaper for Atari that said “Have fun, make money.” He showed up in the lobby of the video game manufacturer wearing sandals and disheveled hair, and told the personnel director that he wouldn't leave until he was given a job.
Al Alcorn, then chief engineer at Atari, was called and told, “We’ve got a hippie kid in the lobby. He says he’s not going to leave until we hire him. Should we call the cops or let him in?” Alcorn said to send him in. Despite Jobs’ startling appearance, Alcorn hired him. As Alcorn described it, “He just walked in the door and here was an eighteen-year-old kind-of a hippy kid, and he wanted a job, and I said ‘Oh, where did you go to school?’ and he says ‘Reed,’ ‘Reed, is that an engineering school?’ ‘No, it’s a literary school,’ and he'd dropped out. But then he started in with this enthusiasm for technology, and he had a spark. He was eighteen years old so he had to be cheap. And so I hired him!”Atari co-founder Nolan Bushnell noted that Jobs was “brilliant, curious, and aggressive,” but soon it was apparent that Jobs could also be very difficult to work with, openly mocking other employees and making several enemies in the process. To make matters worse, he had significant body odor. Jobs adhered to a fruitarian diet, and believed (incorrectly) that it prevented body odor, so he did not shower regularly or use deodorant. Unfazed by the complaints, Alcorn resolved the problem by having Jobs work only at night.


== Alcorn's work on Cosmos leaving Atari ==
When Ray Kassar replaced Bushnell as president, Atari became a marketing company. The old leadership took risks and pioneered new technologies. Instead of developing new technologies, Kassar preferred to push existing ideas to their fullest. Alcorn wanted to begin work on the next generation of home video-game hardware, but Kassar didn't even want to consider an alternative to the Atari VCS.
Toward the end of 1978, Alcorn assembled a team of engineers and began designing a game console called Cosmos. Unlike the VCS, Cosmos did not plug into a television set. It had a light-emitting diode display. Both systems played games stored on cartridges, but Cosmos's tiny cartridges had no electronics, simply a four-by-five inch mylar transparency that cost so little to manufacture that the entire cartridges could retail for $10.
Alcorn's team included two new engineers. Harry Jenkins, who had just graduated from Stanford University, and Roger Hector, a project designer who had done some impressive work in the coin-op division. Both were assigned to work directly under Alcorn on the Project.
Borrowing a page from Odyssey, the Cosmos used overlays to improve the look of its games. Cosmos's overlays, however, were among the most impressive technologies ever created by Atari engineers.
Atari negotiated a deal with a bank for access to patents belonging to Holosonics, a bankrupt corporation that controlled most of the world's patents for holograms- a technology for creating three-dimensional images using lasers. Alcorn brought in two specialists, Steve McGrew and Ken Haynes, to develop a process for mass-producing holograms that could be used with his game.
McGrew developed a process for creating holograms on mylar. In later years, Haynes expanded the technology for other uses, such as placing 3D pictures on credit cards. Alcorn used their mylar technology to create an impressive array of 3D holographic overlays for the Cosmos. One of the first games developed for the system was similar to Steve Russell's Spacewar- an outer-space dogfight in which two small ships battled. The game took place in empty space with no obstructions, but the holographic overlay created an extremely elaborate backdrop with whirling 3D asteroids. The overlay did not affect the game. The ships could not interact with the backdrop, but the visual effects were spectacular.
Before beginning the project, Alcorn asked Ray Kassar for permission to create a new stand-alone game system. According to Alcorn, Kassar seemed uninterested but did not object. By the middle of 1980, Alcorn and his team had completed a working prototype. When they showed it to marketing, they were told that the department had no interest in selling anything other than the VCS.
Alcorn, Jenkins, and Hector had invested too much time in Cosmos to abandon it. Other engineers advised them to simply walk away from the project, but Alcorn decided to market the unit himself. He asked for space to show Cosmos at Atari's booth during the 1980 Winter Consumer Electronics Show in the Las Vegas Convention Center. Amazingly, the marketing department said yes.
By this time, Mattel and Bally had entered the market with newer, more powerful consoles, but no one seemed to care. The VCS had more games and a much larger installed base. A constant stream of buyers from toy stores and department stores flowed through the Atari booth. While they were there, several buyers stopped by the Cosmos table, where Alcorn, Hector, and Jenkins demonstrated the console themselves. The holographic overlays attracted a lot of attention.
A few months later, Alcorn, Hector, and Jenkins manned a similar display at the Toy Fair in New York City. Having learned from his failure to sell Home Pong on the floor of the show, Alcorn also set up a suite for private meetings. Among the visitors to the booth was Al Nilsen, the new toy buyer for J. C. Penney.
Although the response to Cosmos was not even remotely close to the VCS, several buyers decided to gamble on the system. Alcorn returned to California from the Toy Fair with orders for 250,000 units. When he told Kassar that he wanted to begin manufacturings, Kassar derailed his plans. Despite the impressive number of orders, Kassar did not want to manufacture a game system that would compete with the VCS. Cosmos was never manufactured.
Alcorn and Hector long claimed that Kassar refused to manufacture the Cosmos because it represented competition for the VCS, but some of the people who tried the game console disagree. There were questions about the play value of its games.
Kassar's decision to mothball Cosmos infuriated Alcorn, and he left the company. He hoped to receive the same retirement benefits that Bushnell, Williams, and Keenan were enjoying. According to Alcorn, being put "on the beach" by Manny Gerard meant receiving an expense account, a monthly check, and a company car.
Alcorn's plans, however, nearly did not come to pass. According to Warner Communications, Alcorn was not entitled to the same retirement package as Bushnell and Keenan. Warner attorneys claimed that Alcorn had negotiated his severance separated from the other board members and that he was not entitled to the same bonus-pool compensation.
By this time, Atari controlled 75 percent of the lucrative home video-game market and VCS sales were nearing $2 billion per year. The percent of a bonus pool that Bushnell and Keenan received represented a substantial income. The case went to court. Warner settled and Alcorn, Atari's first full-time engineer, retired "to the beach."


== After Atari ==

After Alcorn left Atari in 1981, he consulted to many fledgling companies in Silicon Valley, especially involved in the startups of Catalyst Technologies, one of the first technology company incubators, created by Nolan Bushnell and other ex-Atari leaders.
Alcorn was involved in several of the startups directly, including Cumma, a re-programmable video game cartridge/kiosk system (and precursor to the similar Neo Geo system), and an advisor to Etak, one of the first practical, in-car navigation systems.
Alcorn later became an Apple Fellow, led and consulted to a variety of startups during the tech boom.
In 1998, Alcorn co-founded Zowie Intertainment, a spinoff from Interval Research. There he developed a child's playset with a location system that allowed a PC to respond to the child's play. In 2000, Zowie Entertainment was acquired by Lego.
In 2011, Alcorn co-founded Hack the Future, a technology festival and hackathon for elementary school children.
Alcorn was portrayed by David Denman in the 2013 biographical drama Jobs.


== References ==


== External links ==

Hack the Future, the hackathon for kids cofounded by AlcornVincent Aleven is a professor of human-computer interaction and director of the undergraduate program at Carnegie Mellon University's Human–Computer Interaction Institute.In 1998, he co-founded Carnegie Learning, Inc., a Pittsburgh-based company that markets Cognitive Tutor math courses that include intelligent tutoring software. Aleven is also a co-founder of Mathtutor, a free website for middle-school math intelligent tutoring systems.
At Carnegie Mellon University, Aleven's research focuses on intelligent tutoring systems and educational games.  His group developed Cognitive Tutor Authoring Tools (CTAT) which allows to create intelligent tutoring systems without programming. Aleven's group has also been awarded several best paper awards, including a best paper award at EDM2013, a best student paper award at AIED2009, and the cognition and student learning prize at the Cognitive Science conference 2008. Aleven has mentored many prestigious postdocs and PhD students, including Amy Ogan, Ryan S. Baker, Matthew Easterday, Martina Rau, and Ido Roll.
Aleven was named a top author in Computer Education by Microsoft.


== Education ==
Vincent Aleven attended the Delft University of Technology (TU Delft) from 1980 to 1988, graduating in 1988 with a Master of Science degree in computer science. He then attended the University of Pittsburgh from 1989 to 1997, where he earned a PhD in Intelligent Systems. In 1997, he joined Carnegie Mellon University as a postdoctoral fellow. Since then, he has been conducting research, specializing in artificial intelligence, intelligent educational systems, cognitive modeling, learning and metacognitive skills, and case-based reasoning. He now serves as a professor and director of the undergraduate program at Carnegie Mellon University's Human–Computer Interaction Institute.


== Research ==
Cognitive Tutor
Aleven, along with his colleague Kenneth Koedinger, assisted in creating Cognitive Tutor, an intelligent tutoring software that supports guided tutoring for math courses. His research investigated whether self-explanation through Cognitive Tutor could improve student performance in school more than conventional methods. Aleven and his fellow researchers found that students who explained their problems on practice problems with Cognitive Tutor regularly performed significantly better than those who did not use the software. These results highlight the benefits of self-explanation and learning software that can scale for classroom use to assist all students.Enhancing MOOCs with ITS
Aleven, along with his colleagues Jonathan Sewall, Ryan Baker, Yuan Wang, and Octav Popescu introduced intelligent tutoring systems(ITS) into massive open online courses (MOOCs) to enhance learning-by-doing and overall student performance. The ITSs support learning-by-doing to assist students by guiding them through complex practice problems and having them explain their work. The researchers also embedded their Cognitive Tutor Authoring Tools(CTAT), a toolkit to create intelligent computer tutors, into MOOCs. Their research demonstrated the technical feasibility of embedding CTAT or similar ITSs into MOOCs. This works also shows the effectiveness of learning-by-doing through one-to-one coaching in online courses combined with ITS.


=== Adaptivity Grids and Learning Technology ===
In 2016, Aleven, along with his colleagues McLaughlin, Glenn, and Koedinger, examined how the effectiveness of digital tutors can be increased by adapting to the unique differences between learners, as well as to the similarities between them, such as common hurdles to solving a problem. In this paper, Aleven and colleagues introduce a tool called the Adaptivity Grid, which organizes research results in adaptivity, making it easier for developers to decide which forms of adaptivity would be best to build into their tutoring systems."The Adaptivity Grid shows three columns, which capture three ways in which digital tutoring systems can be adaptive to learners, namely, in their design loop, task loop, and step loop. In the design loop, the system designers use data about the targeted learners in the given task domain to create a new version of the system that is better adapted to these learners. In the task loop, the digital tutor picks problems for the student. In the step loop, the digital tutor provides assistance during steps within the problem. The Adaptivity Grid's horizontal rows show what a digital tutor can adapt to, related to the learner's traits, states, or actions."


== References ==


== External links ==
Aleven's personal page at Carnegie Mellon
Aleven's official faculty website at Carnegie Mellon
Aleven's profile on Microsoft's academic search
Authoring tool for intelligent tutoring systems
Mathtutor


== See also ==
Kenneth Koedinger
Bruce McLaren
Ryan Baker
Nikol Rummel
Kevin AshleySamuel Nathan Alexander (February 22, 1910 in Wharton, Texas – December 9, 1967 in Chevy Chase, Maryland) was an American computer pioneer who developed SEAC, one of the earliest computers.


== Career ==
Alexander studied at the University of Oklahoma, earning a bachelor's degree in 1931 and at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a master's degree in 1933. After that, he was an engineer in the laboratory of Simplex, Wire and Cable Company, worked in the electronic instrument development for the U.S. Navy and was Senior Project Engineer at the Bendix Aviation Corporation. In 1946 he went to the National Bureau of Standards, where he became head of the Laboratory of electronic computer until 1954,  when he became head of the data processing department. From 1964 to his death in 1967 he headed the Department of Information Technology. Alexander assisted Margaret R. Fox in developing a series of college computer courses beginning in 1966.At the National Bureau of Standards in Washington, he developed the SEAC computer (Standards Eastern Automatic Computer). At first this was named National Bureau of Standards (NBS) Interim Computer. It was one of many computers built at that time along the lines of John von Neumann's design in universities, laboratories and government organizations, but were only intended as an interim solution until the industry could provide better computer. In this case, they were waiting for a computer by UNIVAC (Alexander was also involved in its design), whose delivery had been delayed. Alexander's Chief Architect was Ralph J. Slutz (1917-2005) who previously worked with John von Neumann to build a computer at the Institute for Advanced Study.The SEAC was the first fully functional electronic computer with internal program memory (stored program) in the U.S. it also was the first computer with semiconductor logic (first 10,500, then 16,000 germanium diodes), in addition to the 747 and later 1600 vacuum tubes. The computer operated for 14 years and was originally intended for training purposes within government agencies, but some of the earliest assemblers and compilers were built for it. It was the fastest fully functional computer for about a year until the UNIVAC I came out in 1951. It also served as a model for other government computers e.g. with the National Security Agency.
Alexander also initiated the prototype DYSEAC at the NBS, a successor to the SEAC, which was built for the US Signal Corps. It was delivered in 1954 and could be transported in a truck.
He was an advisor to the US government and, in 1956 to Sweden and, in 1957, India.
In 1967 he received the Harry H. Goode Memorial Award and the 1981 Computer Pioneer Award from the IEEE Computer Society. He was a member of the Washington Academy of Sciences.


== References ==

Major portions of content were translated from German Wikipedia.James Allan is the Chair of Faculty and Professor of computer science at University of Massachusetts Amherst and was named an ACM Fellow 2020, for his research and contributions to the area of information retrieval. His research has been cited more than 20,000 times (April 2021). In 2019, James Allan was elected to be the treasurer of the Computing Research Association for a term of two years.


== References ==Dean Allemang is a computer scientist known for his work on the semantic web. He is the Principal Consultant at Working Ontologist LLC.


== Career ==
Dean Allemang has a formal background, with an MSc in Mathematics from the University of Cambridge, England, and a PhD in Computer Science from The Ohio State University, United States. He was a Marshall Scholar at Trinity College, Cambridge.
Allemang has taught classes in Semantic Web technologies since 2004, and has trained many users of RDF, and SPARQL, the RDF query language.Dean Allemang was the Chief Scientist at TopQuadrant, where he specialized in Semantic Web consulting and training. He has been an invited keynote speaker at several Semantic Web conferences, including the Semantic Technologies conference (2010), RuleML (2006) and OWL-ED (2011). He has worked as an invited expert reviewer for the European Union and for the Irish government.


== Selected honors ==
1982 — Marshall Scholar, Cambridge
1992, 1996 — Swiss Technology Prize


== Publications ==
Semantic Web for the Working Ontologist (with James Hendler) Morgan Kaufmann (2008). ISBN 978-0-12-373556-0.
Semantic Web for the Working Ontologist (Second Edition) (with James Hendler) Morgan Kaufmann (2011). ISBN 978-0-12-385965-5.


== References ==


== External links ==
S is for Semantics, an online journal written by Dean AllemangFrances Elizabeth Allen  (August 4, 1932 – August 4, 2020) was an American computer scientist and pioneer in the field of optimizing compilers. Allen was the first woman to become an IBM Fellow and in 2006 became the first woman to win the Turing Award. Her achievements include seminal work in compilers, program optimization, and parallelization. She worked for IBM from 1957 to 2002 and subsequently was a Fellow Emerita.


== Early life and education ==
Allen grew up on a farm in Peru, New York, near Lake Champlain, as the oldest of six children. Her father was a farmer, and her mother an elementary-school teacher. Her early elementary education took place in a one-room school house one mile away from her home, and she later attended a local high school.She was graduated from The New York State College for Teachers (now part of the State University of New York at Albany, SUNY) with a Bachelor of Science degree in mathematics in 1954 and began teaching school in Peru, New York. After two years, she enrolled at the University of Michigan and earned a Master of Science degree in mathematics in 1957.


== Career and research ==
Deeply in debt with student loans, she joined IBM Research in Poughkeepsie, New York, as a programmer in 1957, where she taught incoming employees the basics of Fortran. She planned to return to teaching once her student loans had been paid, but ended up staying with IBM for her entire 45-year career. Allen was assigned to the Harvest project for code breaking with the National Security Agency in 1959 and worked on a programming language called Alpha. She managed the compiler-optimization team for both Harvest and the Stretch project. In 1962, she was transferred to Thomas J. Watson Research Center, where she contributed to the ACS-1 project and in the 1970s to PL/I. During these years, she worked with fellow researcher John Cocke to write a series of seminal papers on optimizing compilers, helping to improve the efficiency of machine code translated from high-level languages.From 1970 to 1971 she spent a sabbatical at New York University and acted as adjunct professor for a few years afterward. Another sabbatical brought her to Stanford University in 1977.From 1980 to 1995, Allen led IBM's work in the developing parallel computing area, and helped to develop software for the IBM Blue Gene project. Allen became the first female IBM Fellow in 1989. She retired from IBM in 2002, but remained affiliated with the corporation as a Fellow Emerita. In 2007, the IBM Ph.D. Fellowship Award was created in her honor. After retiring, she remained active in programs that encourage women and girls to seek careers in science and computing.Her A. M. Turing Award citation reads:

Fran Allen's work has had an enormous impact on compiler research and practice. Both alone and in joint work with John Cocke, she introduced many of the abstractions, algorithms, and implementations that laid the groundwork for automatic program optimization technology. Allen's 1966 paper, "Program Optimization," laid the conceptual basis for systematic analysis and transformation of computer programs. This paper introduced the use of graph-theoretic structures to encode program content in order to automatically and efficiently derive relationships and identify opportunities for optimization. Her 1970 papers, "Control Flow Analysis" and "A Basis for Program Optimization" established "intervals" as the context for efficient and effective data flow analysis and optimization. Her 1971 paper with Cocke, "A Catalog of Optimizing Transformations," provided the first description and systematization of optimizing transformations. Her 1973 and 1974 papers on interprocedural data flow analysis extended the analysis to whole programs. Her 1976 paper with Cocke describes one of the two main analysis strategies used in optimizing compilers today.
Allen developed and implemented her methods as part of compilers for the IBM STRETCH-HARVEST and the experimental Advanced Computing System. This work established the feasibility and structure of modern machine- and language-independent optimizers. She went on to establish and lead the PTRAN project on the automatic parallel execution of FORTRAN programs. Her PTRAN team developed new parallelism detection schemes and created the concept of the program dependence graph, the primary structuring method used by most parallelizing compilers.


== Awards and honors ==

Allen was a Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) and the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM). In 2000, she was made a Fellow of the Computer History Museum "for her contributions to program optimization and compiling for parallel computers". She was elected to the National Academy of Engineering in 1987, to the American Philosophical Society in 2001, and to the National Academy of Sciences in 2010. She was nominated a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1994.She received the IEEE Computer Society Charles Babbage Award in 1997 and the Computer Pioneer Award of the IEEE Computer Society in 2004. In 1997, Allen was inducted into the Witi Hall of Fame. She won the 2002 Augusta Ada Lovelace Award from the Association for Women in Computing. In 2004, Allen was the winner of the ABIE Award for Technical Leadership from the Anita Borg Institute.Allen was recognized for her work in high-performance computing with the 2006 Turing Award. She became the first woman recipient in the forty-year history of the award, which is considered the equivalent of the Nobel Prize for computing and is given by the Association for Computing Machinery. In interviews following the award she hoped it would give more "opportunities for women in science, computing, and engineering".In 2009 she was awarded an honorary doctor of science degree from McGill University for "pioneering contributions to the theory and practice of optimizing compiler techniques that laid the foundation for modern optimizing compilers and automatic parallel execution".


== Publications ==
A list of her select publications includes:
Allen, Frances E.; Cocke, John (1971).  Rustin, Randall (ed.). A Catalogue of Optimizing Transformations. Design and Optimization of Compilers. Thomas J. Watson IBM Research Center. Prentice Hall.
Allen, Frances E., "Interprocedural data flow analysis", Proceedings of Information Processing 74, IFIP, Elsevier / North-Holland (1974), 398–402.
Allen, Frances E. and J. Cocke, "A program data flow analysis procedure", Communications of the ACM, Vol. 19, No. 3 (March 1976), 137–147.
Allen, Frances E. et al., "The Experimental Compiling System", IBM Journal of Research and Development, Vol. 24, No. 6, (November 1980), 695–715.
Allen, Frances E., "The history of language processor technology at IBM", IBM Journal of Research and Development, Vol. 25, No. 5 (September 1981), 535–548.


== Personal life ==
In 1972, Allen married New York University computer science professor and collaborator Jacob T. Schwartz. They divorced in 1982.Allen died on August 4, 2020, her 88th birthday, from complications with Alzheimer’s disease.


== References ==


== External links ==
Frances Allen: 2000 Fellow Awards Recipient via Computer History Museum
Fran Allen on Compilers and Parallel Computing Systems Notes from her 2008 Organick Memorial LectureJames Frederick Allen (born 1950) is a computational linguist recognized for his contributions to temporal logic, in particular Allen's interval algebra. He is interested in knowledge representation, commonsense reasoning, and natural language understanding, believing that "deep language understanding can only currently be achieved by significant hand-engineering of semantically-rich formalisms coupled with statistical preferences". He is the John H. Dessaurer Professor of Computer Science at the University of Rochester


== Biography ==
Allen received his Ph.D. from the University of Toronto in 1979, under the supervision of C. Raymond Perrault, after which he joined the faculty at Rochester. At Rochester, he was department chair from 1987 to 1990, directed the Cognitive Science Program from 1992 to 1996, and co-directed the Center for the Sciences of Language from 1996 to 1998. He served as the Editor-in-Chief of Computational Linguistics from 1983–1993. Since 2006 he has also been associate director of the Florida Institute for Human and Machine Cognition.


== Academic life ==


=== TRIPS project ===
The TRIPS project is a long-term research to build generic technology for dialogue (both spoken and 'chat') systems, which includes natural language processing, collaborative problem solving, and dynamic context-sensitive language modeling. This is contrast with the data driven approaches by machine learning, which requires to collect and annotate corpora, i.e. training data,  firstly.


=== PLOW agent ===
PLOW agent is a system that learns executable task models from a single collaborative learning session, which integrates wide AI technologies including deep natural language understanding, knowledge representation and reasoning, dialogue systems, planning/agent-based systems, and machine learning. This paper won the outstanding paper award at AAAI in 2007.


== Selected works ==


=== Books ===
Allen is the author of the textbook Natural Language Understanding (Benjamin-Cummings, 1987; 2nd ed., 1995).He is also the co-author with Henry Kautz, Richard Pelavin, and Josh Tenenberg of Reasoning About Plans (Morgan Kaufmann, 1991).


=== Articles ===
2007. PLOW: A Collaborative Task Learning Agent. (with Nathanael Chambers et al) AAAI'07won the outstanding paper award at AAAI in 2007.2006. Chester: Towards a Personal Medication Advisor. (with N. Blaylock, et al) Biomedical informatics 39(5)
1998. TRIPS: An Integrated Intelligent Problem-Solving Assistant. (with George Ferguson) AAAI'98
1983. Maintaining Knowledge about Temporal Intervals. CACM 26, 11, 832-843


== Awards and honors ==
In 1991 he was elected as a fellow of the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence (1990, founding fellow). In 1992 he became the Dessaurer Professor at Rochester.


== References ==


== External links ==
James F. Allen's Home Page
Google Scholar, h-index is 59.Sarah Allen (born Sarah Lindsley) is an American software developer and entrepreneur.  Allen attended Brown University in Rhode Island, where she majored in computer science and visual arts. Early in her career, she led the development of Adobe Shockwave Multiuser Server, Flash Media Server, and Flash video, and co-founded the company that created Adobe After Effects.
In 2013, Allen was selected for the Presidential Innovation Fellows program working with the Smithsonian Institution.


== Companies ==
In 2010, Allen co-founded and serves as the chief technology officer of mobile startup Mightyverse. In parallel she is the founder of San Francisco-based Ruby on Rails consultancy Blazing Cloud, a product-centric mobile application consulting firm. In 2010, she co-authored the book Pro Smartphone Cross-Platform Development.


== Representation of women ==
In the Silicon Valley community, Allen contributes her time to improving the representation of women in technology as the president of RailsBridge, which aims to "bridge the gap from aspiring developer to contributing open source community member through mentoring, teaching and writing".


== Recognition ==
In 1998, Allen was named one of the Top 25 Women of the Web by San Francisco Women on the Web. Allen was honored on Ada Lovelace Day by the Bay Area Girl Geek Dinners in 2010 and participated in the mobile-themed Google Tech Talk at the company's headquarters in Mountain View. In 2013, Allen was chosen as a Presidential Innovation Fellow and worked for six months with the Smithsonian Institution.


== Publications ==
"The Future of the Web is not the Past of Windows" W3C Position Paper: Workshop on Web Applications and Compound Documents. June 2004.
"Pro Smartphone Cross-Platform Development iPhone, Blackberry, Windows Mobile and Android Development and Distribution" Sept 2010, Apress.


== References ==Eric Warren Allender (born 1956) is an American computer scientist active in the field of computational complexity theory.
In 2006 he was inducted as a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery. He is currently a professor at Rutgers University where he chaired the Department of Computer Science from 2006 until 2009.


== Biography ==
Allender went to Mount Pleasant High School. He graduated from the University of Iowa in 1979 with a double major in Computer Science and Theater. He then graduated from the Georgia Institute of Technology with a Ph.D. in Computer Science in 1985.After graduation, he was a professor at Rutgers University.


== References ==


== External links ==
Rutgers home page
Eric Warren Allender on the Mathematics Genealogy ProjectIlkay Altintas is a Turkish-American data and computer scientist, and researcher in the domain of supercomputing and high-performance computing applications. Since 2015, Altintas has served as chief data science officer of the San Diego Supercomputer Center (SDSC), at the University of California, San Diego (UCSD), where she has also served as founder and director of the Workflows for Data Science Center of Excellence (WorDS) since 2014, as well as founder and director of the WIFIRE lab. Altintas is also the co-initiator of the Kepler scientific workflow system, an open-source platform that endows research scientists with the ability to readily collaborate, share, and design scientific workflows.Born in Aydın, Turkey, Altintas attended Middle East Technical University before embarking on a research career. While pursuing her career as a research scientist, she completed her PhD at the University of Amsterdam in 2011. In addition to her work as a research scientist, she is a computer science lecturer at the University of California, San Diego. Altintas is also a co-founder and board member of the Data Science Alliance nonprofit. She serves on the advisory board of several national agencies and companies, and as an editor of peer-reviewed scientific journals.


== Education ==
Altintas graduated from Middle East Technical University in Ankara, Turkey with a bachelor's degree in computer engineering in 1999, and a master's degree in computer engineering in 2001. In 2011, she received a PhD in computational science from the University of Amsterdam in the Netherlands, for her work and contributions toward workflow-driven collaborative science.


== Career and research ==
After graduating from Middle East Technical University in 2001, Altintas was hired as a research programmer at the San Diego Supercomputer Center (SDSC). She went on to serve SDSC as the assistant director of the National Laboratory for Advanced Data Research (NLADR), the founder and director of the Scientific Workflow Automation Technologies Laboratory, and deputy coordinator for research. Currently, she is the chief data science officer of SDSC, where she is also the founder and director of the Workflows for Data Science Center of Excellence (WorDS); the founder and director of the WIFIRE lab; and the division director for Cyberinfrastructure Research, Education and Development. The WorDS hub at SDSC serves to promote the utilization and distribution of workflow services in the context of a variety of domains and projects, ranging from the WIFIRE lab (which Altintas founded and currently directs) to the Kepler scientific workflow system (which Altintas serves as the co-initiator of).


=== WIFIRE Lab ===
On October 26, 2003, Altintas experienced California wildfires for the first time, after witnessing the Cedar Fire in San Diego County. The environmental and economic toll that this natural disaster had on the residents of San Diego County inspired Altintas to contribute to improving the then-current systems of managing and predicting wildfires. She allotted much of her time thereafter to learning about California's fire-adapted ecosystem, and the two factors, weather and fuel, that contribute significantly to the spread and dynamic behavior of wildfires. She noted that the behavior of wildfires can be computationally modeled, with data for modeling purposes being pulled from the physical environment (e.g., landscape data, real-time weather information and camera imagery, and remote sensor data). This spurred the creation of Altintas' brainchild, the WIFIRE lab, which received National Science Foundation (NSF) funding from 2013 to 2018. Using scalable computing and dynamic, automated, scientific workflows, data are collected and processed, and can be retrieved and accessed by a diverse array of audiences. The main accomplishments of the WIFIRE lab till date include the deployment of data integration services at the intersection of fire science, data management, and machine learning; real-time data driven fire modeling services (with the help of the High Performance Wireless Research and Education Network (HPWREN)); and automated fire modeling workflows and machine learning pipelines. The WIFIRE lab currently serves a community of 130+ organizations, and works to combine data science and fire science to aid in dynamic fire modeling at scale. Altintas has presented on past and ongoing WIFIRE research to a variety of audiences, ranging from stakeholders and policymakers at the California State Capitol to UC San Diego School of Global Policy and Strategy (GPS) Science Policy Fellows Program graduate students.The real-time fire modeling services provided by the WIFIRE lab have aided in the identification and traceability of wildfire outbreaks in local California communities. In addition to aiding in the identification and traceability of wildfire outbreaks, the framework of the services deployed by WIFIRE is being used toward aiding in the identification and traceability of the COVID-19 outbreak. The application of the real-time map (used initially for wildfire identification) in the space of COVID-19 research serves the purpose of alerting individuals in real-time regarding information surrounding the spread and severity of the virus in certain areas.For her pioneering WIFIRE work, Altintas has been featured on various US-based radio broadcasts, newspapers, and magazines. She has been featured on TIME magazine, the National Public Radio (NPR), The New York Times, and Voice of America, along with research scientists whom she has collaborated with. She has also been featured on the University of California Television (UCTV) channel for her WIFIRE research.


=== The Kepler Project ===
Altintas is the co-initiator of the Kepler scientific workflow system, an open source platform that allows its users to share and collaborate on workflows for a variety of applications. The Kepler Project website provides its visitors with the opportunity to download the Kepler application. It also serves as a home for information regarding upcoming Kepler-related workshops, references on how to use Kepler for a varied set of subjects and applications (such as bioinformatics), and tips regarding how to maneuver the application in an effective manner.


=== Teaching ===
Altintas currently serves as the faculty co-director of the Master of Advanced Studies in Data Science and Engineering, and as a lecturer in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering, at UC San Diego. In addition, she is a big data MOOC instructor through Coursera and edX, having taught over a million learners till date.


=== Awards and honors ===
White House Office of Science and Technology Policy Invited Workshop Speaker (2016)
Halıcıoğlu Data Science Institute (HDSI) Fellow, Inducted by invitation, University of California, San Diego (2018)
Pi Person of the Year, Inaugural Recipient, San Diego Supercomputer Center (SDSC) (2014)
Innovations in Networking Award for Experimental Applications, Corporation for Education Network Initiatives in California (CENIC) (2018)
Emerging Woman Leader in Technical Computing Award, Association for Computing Machinery's Special Interest Group on High Performance Computing (ACM SIGHPC) (2017)
Peter Chen Big Data Young Researcher Award, The Services Society (2017)
Award for Excellence for Early Career Researchers, Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE), Technical Committee on Scalable Computing (TCSC) (2015)
Best Workshop Paper Award for "Towards an Integrated Cyberinfrastructure for Scalable Data-Driven Monitoring, Dynamic Prediction and Resilience of Wildfires," International Conference on Computational Science (ICCS), Reykjavík, Iceland (2015)
Editor's Choice Awards, HPCwire (2014)Best Application of Big Data in HPC
Best Data-Intensive System (End User focused)
Reader's Choice Award for Best Application of Big Data in HPC, HPCwire (2014)


== See also ==
List of female scientists in the 21st century
List of Middle East Technical University alumni
List of University of Amsterdam alumni


== References ==


== External links ==
Ilkay Altintas at San Diego Supercomputer CenterRajeev Alur is an American professor of computer science at the University of Pennsylvania who has made contributions to formal methods, programming languages, and automata theory, including notably the introduction of timed automata (Alur and Dill, 1994) and nested words (Alur and Madhusudan, 2004).
Prof. Alur was born in Pune. He obtained his bachelor's degree in computer science from the Indian Institute of Technology at Kanpur, India, in 1987, and Ph.D. in computer science from Stanford University, California, USA, in 1991. Before joining the University of Pennsylvania in 1997, he was with the Computing Science Research Center at Bell Laboratories. His research has included formal modeling and analysis of reactive systems, hybrid systems, model checking, software verification, design automation for embedded software, and program synthesis. He is a Fellow of the ACM, a Fellow of the IEEE, and has served as the chair of ACM SIGBED (Special Interest Group on Embedded Systems). He holds the title of Zisman Family Professor at UPenn since 2003.


== Awards and honors ==
A CAREER award from the US National Science Foundation.
The 2008 Computer Aided Verification Award for fundamental contributions to the theory of real-time systems verification (with David Dill).
The 2010 LICS (IEEE Symposium on Logic in Computer Science) Test-of-Time award for the 1990 paper "Model-checking for real-time systems" (with David Dill and Costas Courcoubetis).
The 2016 Alonzo Church Award with David Dill "for their invention of timed automata, a decidable model of real-time systems, which combines a novel, elegant, deep theory with widespread practical impact."


== References ==


== External links ==
Rajeev Alur homepage
Rajeev Alur publications indexed by Google ScholarLorenzo Alvisi is an Italian computer scientist and Tisch University Professor at Cornell University. Prior to joining Cornell, he was a University Distinguished Teaching Professor and the holder of the Endowed Professorship #5 at University of Texas at Austin. His research focuses on distributed systems and dependability. He holds a  laurea in Physics from the University of Bologna (1987), and an MS and PhD in Computer Science from Cornell University (1994 and 1996, respectively). He is a Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers and of the Association for Computing Machinery.


== References ==Nancy Marie Amato is an American computer scientist noted for her research on the algorithmic foundations of motion planning, computational biology, computational geometry and parallel computing. Amato is the Abel Bliss Professor of Engineering and Head of the Department of Computer Science at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. Amato is noted for her leadership in broadening participation in computing, and is currently a member of the steering committee of CRA-WP (formerly known as CRA-W), of which she has been a member of the board since 2000.


== Education ==
Amato received both a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics and a Bachelor of Science degree in Mathematical Sciences from Stanford University in 1986. She received an MS in Computer Science from the University of California, Berkeley in 1988, with advisor Manuel Blum. In 1995, she received a PhD in computer science from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign under advisor Franco P. Preparata for her thesis "Parallel Algorithms for Convex Hulls and Proximity Problems".


== Career and research ==
She joined the Department of Computer Science at Texas A&M University as an assistant professor in 1995. She was promoted to associate professor in 2000, to professor in 2004, and to Unocal professor in 2011.
In July 2018, Amato was named the next head of the Department of Computer Science at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, starting in January 2019.Amato has several notable results. Her paper on probabilistic roadmap methods (PRMs) is one of the most important papers on PRM. It describes the first PRM variant that does not use uniform sampling in the robot's configuration space. She wrote  a seminal paper with one of her students that shows how the PRM methodology can be applied to protein motions, and in particular protein folding. This approach has opened up a new research area in computational biology. This result opens up a rich new set of applications for this technique in computational biology. Another paper she wrote with her students represents a major advance by showing how global energy landscape statistics, such as relative folding rates and population kinetics, can be computed for proteins from the approximate landscapes computed by Amato's PRM-based method. In another paper, she and a student introduced a novel technique, approximate convex decomposition (ACD), for partitioning a polyhedron into approximately convex pieces. Amato also co-leads the STAPL project with her husband Lawrence Rauchwerger, who is also a computer scientist on the faculty at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. STAPL is a parallel C++ library.


=== Awards and honors ===
Her notable awards include:

Elected an AAAI Fellow in 2018 by the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence
Elected an ACM Fellow in 2015 by the Association for Computing Machinery
In 2010, she was named an Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) Fellow "for contributions to the algorithmic foundations of motion planning in robotics and computational biology."
A. Nico Habermann Award from the Computing Research Association in 2014
Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) 2013 for contributions to the algorithmic foundations of motion planning, computational biology, computational geometry, and parallel computing.
Hewlett-Packard/Harriett B. Rigas Award, 2013.
ACM Distinguished Member in 2012


== References ==Annamaria Beatrice (Nina) Amenta is an American computer scientist who works as the Tim Bucher Family Professor of Computer Science and the chair of the Computer Science Department at the University of California, Davis. She specializes in computational geometry and computer graphics, and is particularly known for her research in reconstructing surfaces from scattered data points.Amenta grew up in Pittsburgh, and majored in classical civilization at Yale University, graduating in 1979. After working for over ten years as a computer programmer, she returned to graduate school, and earned her Ph.D. in 1994 from the University of California, Berkeley with a thesis on relations between Helly's theorem and generalized linear programming, supervised by Raimund Seidel. After postdoctoral study at The Geometry Center and Xerox PARC, she became a faculty member at the University of Texas at Austin, and moved to Davis in 2002. She became the Bucher Professor and department chair in 2013.Amenta was co-chair of the Symposium on Computational Geometry in 2006, with Otfried Cheong.


== References ==


== External links ==
Google scholar profileAnimashree (Anima) Anandkumar is the Bren Professor of Computing at California Institute of Technology. She is a director of Machine Learning research at NVIDIA. Her research considers tensor-algebraic methods, deep learning and non-convex problems.


== Education and early career ==
Anandkumar was born in Mysore. Her parents are both engineers, and her grandfather was a mathematician. Her great great grandfather was the Sanskrit scholar R. Shamasastry. She began to study Bharatanatyam and she learnt this style of dancing for many years. She studied electrical engineering at the Indian Institute of Technology Madras and graduated in 2004. She joined Cornell University for her graduate studies, earning a PhD under the supervision of Lang Tong in 2009. Her first project looked at distributed statistical estimation. She was an IBM Fellow at Cornell University between 2008 and 2009. Her thesis considered Scalable Algorithms for Distributed Statistical Inference. During her PhD she worked in the networking group at IBM on end-to-end service-level transactions. She was a postdoctoral scholar at Massachusetts Institute of Technology until 2010, where she worked in the Stochastic Systems Group with Alan Willsky.


== Research ==
In 2010 Anandkumar joined University of California, Irvine, as an assistant professor. At the time, the technology industry was at the beginning of the big data revolution. Here she started working on tensor decompositions of latent variable models. She joined Microsoft Research in New England as a visiting scientist in 2012. In 2013 she was awarded a National Science Foundation CAREER Award to investigate big data and social networks. She was made an assistant professor with tenure at UC Irvine in 2016.  She specialised in large-scale machine learning and high-dimensional statistics. Anandkumar was a Principal Scientist at Amazon Web Services from 2016 to 2018. She worked with the Apache MXNet tool, introducing new functionality and developing multi-modal processing algorithms. She represented Amazon Web Services at the Anita Borg Institute in 2017, the Mulan forum for Chinese women entrepreneurs and Shaastra in 2018, discussing Deep Learning. She also worked on Amazon Rekognition, Amazon Lex and Amazon Polly. She was involved with the launch of Amazon SageMaker, an opportunity for developers to use machine learning models.
Anandkumar joined the Machine Learning Conference Board of Advisors in 2018. In 2018 Anandkumar joined NVIDIA as Director of Machine Learning Research, and Caltech as the Bren Professor of Computing and Mathematical Sciences. At NVIDIA she opened a new core laboratories in artificial intelligence and machine learning in Santa Clara. She has pushed for governments to invest in robotics and artificial intelligence. She spoke at the 2018 TEDxIndiana University about the algorithms she has developed to process big data.


=== Diversity in technology ===
Anandkumar is committed to improving diversity in the technology sector. She launched a petition to Timothy A. Gonsalves to try and convince him at the Ministry of Human Resource Development to end gender segregation in the admissions process at the Indian Institute of Technology Madras. The petition calls for campus-wide systems to monitor sexual harassment, improved campus security and increased engagement with alumni. She has spoken openly about her own experiences of sexual harassment on social media and called for Intel to stop using female acrobats as entertainment at their conference parties. She was one of several campaigners to rename the Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems 'NIPS' as NeurIPS. In 2018 she was awarded a New York Times Good Tech Award.


== Controversies ==
In December 2020, Anandkumar was embroiled in a Twitter controversy, when she published a list of individuals who allegedly followed, liked or supported any Tweets made by Prof Pedro Domingos allegedly in relation to his controversial views on the renaming of NeurIPS, Timnit Gebru’s controversial exit at Google, algorithmic bias or cancel culture, or simply followed him on twitter. She never clarified how she actually came up with that list She suggested that followers "try and change the mind of [these] fanboys of Pedro[...] Especially junior people". Following prompt backlash from individuals concerned about the circulation of such a blacklist, Anandkumar deactivated her Twitter account temporarily and issued an apology stating "I am by no means perfect. I am sorry if my actions/words have ever created a threatening environment. My intention was to change hearts and minds, and to raise awareness to the struggles that women and minorities face both online and in the real world. I will find better ways to achieve that goal". Her list contained women and POC


== Awards and honors ==
Anandkumar has won several awards and honours, including:
2020 IEEE Fellow
2020 Women in AI research award by Venturebeat
2017 Caltech Bren Chair
2015 Google Research Award
2015 Air Force Office of Scientific Research Young Investigator Award
2015 University of California, Irvine Early Career Research Award
2014 Sloan Research Fellowship
2013 Microsoft Faculty Fellowship
2013 Army Research Office Young Investigator Award
2013 National Science Foundation CAREER Award
2011 ACM SIGMETRICS Best Paper Award
2009 ACM SIGMETRICS Best Thesis Award
2008 IEEE Signal Processing Society Best Paper Award


== References ==Thomas S. Anantharaman is a computer statistician specializing in Bayesian inference approaches for NP-complete problems.  He is best known for his work with Feng-hsiung Hsu from 1985-1990 on the Chess playing computers ChipTest and Deep Thought at Carnegie Mellon University which led to his 1990 PhD Dissertation: "A Statistical Study of Selective Min-Max Search in Computer Chess".  This work was the foundation for the IBM chess-playing computer Deep Blue which beat world champion Garry Kasparov in 1997.
Anantharaman obtained a B.Tech. degree in Electronics in 1982 from the Institute of Technology, Banaras Hindu University (now Indian Institute of Technology (BHU) Varanasi). He got (in 1977) IIT-JEE rank (AIR) # 2. Anantharaman went to USA and joined Carnegie Mellon University as a PhD student where he worked on the chess playing computers ChipTest and DeepThought with Feng-hsiung Hsu. Anantharaman received his PhD degree in 1990 and joined the field of biotechnology and Feng-hsiung Hsu joined IBM to design the Deep Blue IBM super-computer, which defeated Garry Kasparov in the historic chess match.
In 1985, Carnegie Mellon University graduate students Feng-hsiung Hsu, Anantharaman, Murray Campbell and Andreas Nowatzyk used spare chips they'd found to put together a chess-playing machine that they called ChipTest. By 1987, the machine, integrating some innovative ideas about search strategies, had become the reigning computer chess champion. A successor, Deep Thought, using two special-purpose chips, plus about 200 off-the-shelf chips, working in parallel, achieved grandmaster-level play.Following this work, Anantharaman focused his attentions into the field of biostatistics and the application of Bayesian methods to the analysis of single molecule Optical Mapping technologies. Currently he is working as Senior Bioinformatics Software Engineer at Opgen, Inc., Madison, Wisconsin.


== References ==


== External links ==
Anantharaman T, Mishra B, Schwartz D (1999). "Genomics via optical mapping. III: Contiging genomic DNA". Proc Int Conf Intell Syst Mol Biol: 18–27. PMID 10786282.
Anantharaman TS, Mishra B, Schwartz D (1997). "Genomics via optical mapping. II: Ordered restriction maps". J Comput Biol. 4 (2): 91–118. doi:10.1089/cmb.1997.4.91. PMID 9228610.
Nicole T. Perna; Guy Plunkett III; Valerie Burland; Bob Mau; Jeremy D. Glasner; Debra J. Rose; George F. Mayhew; Peter S. Evans; Jason Gregor; Heather A. Kirkpatrick; György Pósfai; Jeremiah Hackett; Sara Klink; Adam Boutin; Ying Shao; Leslie Miller; Erik J. Grotbeck; N. Wayne Davis; Alex Lim; Eileen T. Dimalanta; Konstantinos D. Potamousis; Jennifer Apodaca; Thomas S. Anantharaman; Jieyi Lin; Galex Yen; David C. Schwartz; Rodney A. Welch & Frederick R. Blattner (2001). "Genome sequence of enterohaemorrhagic Escherichia coli O157:H7". Nature. 409 (6819): 529–533. Bibcode:2001Natur.409..529P. doi:10.1038/35054089. PMID 11206551.James Hampton Anderson is a Kenan Professor in the computer science department of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. He was named a Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) in 2012 "for contributions to the implementation of soft-real-time systems on multiprocessor and multicore platforms", and a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery in 2013.


== References ==Monica Anderson is an American computer scientist who is an Associate Professor of Computer Science at the University of Alabama. Anderson works on robotics, with a focus on multi-agent systems, multi-robot systems, and user interfaces. Anderson received the UPE Excellence in Instruction Award in 2008, and co-organized the AAAI 2008 Workshop on Mobility and Manipulation at the Twenty-Third AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence.


== Education ==
Anderson earned a B.S. degree in Computer Science from Chicago State University in 1990, and a PhD in Computer Science and Engineering from the University of Minnesota in 2006.


== Research ==
Anderson is director of the Distributed Autonomy Lab at the Computer Science Department at the University of Alabama, which includes several projects related to multi-agent and multi-robot systems and user interfaces, and their effect on trust. Outcomes from these projects include identification of mitigating factors on operator’s trust of autonomous systems, mechanisms for increasing self-efficacy in computer science introductory courses using robotics, and approaches on improving the design of autonomous device frameworks.


== References ==Thomas E. Anderson (born August 28, 1961) is an American computer scientist noted for his research on distributed computing, networking and operating systems.


== Biography ==
Anderson received a B.A. in Philosophy  from Harvard University in 1983. He received a M.S. in computer science from University of Washington in 1989 and a Ph.D in computer science from  University of Washington in 1991.
He then joined the Department of Computer Science at the University of California, Berkeley as an assistant professor in 1991. While there he was promoted to associate professor in 1996. In 1997, he moved to the  University of Washington as an associate professor. In 2001, he was promoted to professor, and in 2009 to the Robert E. Dinning Professor in Computer Science. He currently holds the Warren Francis and Wilma Kolm Bradley Endowed Chair.


== Awards ==
His notable awards include:

ACM SIGOPS Mark Weiser Award in 2005
ACM Fellow in 2005
IEEE Koji Kobayashi Computers and Communications Award, 2013
USENIX Lifetime Achievement Award, 2014
National Academy of Engineering, 2016, for “contributions to the design of resilient and efficient distributed computer systems.”


== Works ==
Anderson, Thomas; Dahlin, Michael (2014). Operating Systems: Principles and Practice. Recursive Books (self-published). ISBN 978-0-9856735-2-9.


== References ==


== External links ==
University of Washington web page: Thomas E. Anderson, Department of Computer ScienceRichard Vernon Andree (16 December 1919 – 8 May 1987) was an American mathematician and computer scientist.
Andree taught at the University of Oklahoma for 37 years, and served as a professor emeritus there until his death. He and his wife, Josephine, founded the Mu Alpha Theta mathematics honor society.  Andree wrote a book on abstract algebra entitled Selections From Modern Abstract Algebra which was first published in 1958.   He also wrote and published at his own expense numerous puzzle books and enjoyed cryptography.  Andree and his students developed the ALPS programming language for the Bendix G-15 computer.
For several years in the late 1960s and thru the 1970s, Andree ran a summer school for high school teachers in Oklahoma to expose them to computers.  Teachers would come from around the state and take short courses in programming in FORTRAN or BASIC. He also held evening and night computer study labs for local business owners wanting an exposure to computers and how they could use them in their business.
Andree was influential in the national collegiate mathematical organization Pi Mu Epsilon, having served as President, Secretary-Treasurer, and editor of their Journal. The Richard V. Andree Awards are given by the organization to undergraduates whose articles in the Pi Mu Epsilon Journal have been judged as containing the best content for the year.


== References ==


== External links ==
Data from the Information Age EducationDana Angluin is a professor emeritus of computer science at Yale University.  She is known for foundational work in computational learning theory and distributed computing.


== Education ==
Angluin received her B.A. and Ph.D. at University of California, Berkeley. Her thesis, entitled "An application of the theory of computational complexity to the study of inductive inference"  was one of the first works to apply complexity theory to the field of inductive inference. Angluin joined the faculty at Yale in 1979.


== Research ==
Angluin has written highly cited papers on computational learning theory, where she studied learning from noisy examples and learning regular sets from queries and counterexamples (the L* algorithm). In distributed computing, she co-invented the population protocol model and studied the problem of consensus. In probabilistic algorithms, she has studied randomized algorithms for Hamiltonian circuits and matchings.Angluin helped found the Computational Learning Theory (COLT) conference, and has served on program committees and steering committees for COLT  She served as an area editor for Information and Computation from 1989–1992. She organized Yale's Computer Science Department's Perlis Symposium in April 2001: "From Statistics to Chat: Trends in Machine Learning". She is a member of the Association for Computing Machinery and the Association for Women in Mathematics.
Angluin has also published works on Ada Lovelace and her involvement with the Analytical Engine.


== Selected publications ==
Dana Angluin (1988). Queries and concept learning. Machine Learning. 2 (4): 319-342.
Dana Angluin (1987). "Learning Regular Sets from Queries and Counter-Examples" (PDF). Information and Control. 75 (2): 87–106. doi:10.1016/0890-5401(87)90052-6. Archived from the original (PDF) on 2013-12-02.
Dana Angluin and Philip Laird (1988). Learning from noisy examples. Machine Learning 2 (4), 343-370.
Dana Angluin and Leslie Valiant (1979). Fast probabilistic algorithms for Hamiltonian circuits and matchings. Journal of Computer and system Sciences 18 (2), 155-193
Dana Angluin (1980). "Finding Patterns Common to a Set of Strings". Journal of Computer and System Sciences. 21: 46–62. doi:10.1016/0022-0000(80)90041-0.
Dana Angluin (1980). "Inductive Inference of Formal Languages from Positive Data" (PDF). Information and Control. 45 (2): 117–135. doi:10.1016/s0019-9958(80)90285-5. [4]
Dana Angluin, James Aspnes, Zoë Diamadi, Michael J Fischer, René Peralta (2004). Computation in networks of passively mobile finite-state sensors. Distributed computing 18 (4), 235-253.
Dana Angluin (1976). An Application of the Theory of Computational Complexity to the Study of Inductive Inference (Ph.D.). University of California at Berkeley.


== See also ==
Automata theory
Distributed computing
Computational learning theory


== References ==


== External links ==
Angluin's home page at Yale University
Dana Angluin publications indexed by Google ScholarAnuradha M. Annaswamy is a computer scientist noted for her research on adaptive control theory and smart grids. Since 1996, she has worked at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Currently, Annaswamy is a Senior Research Scientist at the Department of Mechanical Engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and directs the Active Adaptive Control Laboratory (a flight controls group).


== Career ==
Annaswamy received a B.E. degree from Indian Institute of Science in 1979. Following this, she completed a Ph.D in Computer science from Yale University in 1985.In 2014, Annaswamy was awarded a grant, valued at £1,783,855, from the National Science Foundation to lead the project "Towards resilient computational models of electricity-gas ICI", in partnership with colleagues Christopher Knittel and Ignacio Perez-Arriaga.Annaswamy has published over 500 academic publications, receiving over 18,000 citations. She has an h-index and i10-index of 56 and 210 respectively. Annaswamy's most cited publication (with over 5,000 citations), Stable adaptive systems, offers an understanding of the global stability properties essential to designing adaptive systems.


== Awards ==
IEEE Control Systems Society Distinguished Member (2016)
IEEE Fellow (2002) for "contributions to adaptive control theory, neural networks and active-adaptive control of combustion systems."

2017 Fellow, International Federation of Automatic Control
2017 Distinguished Lecturer, IEEE Control Systems Society
2010 Best Paper Award, IEEE Control Systems Magazine
2008 Donald Groen Julius Prize, Institute of Mechanical Engineers
2008 Hans Fischer Fellow, Technische Universitat Munchen-Institute for Advanced Studies
1988 George Axelby best paper award, IEEE Trans. Autom. Control


== Personal life ==
Annaswamy is married to Mandayam Srinivasan.


== Selected academic publications ==
Stable adaptive systems. Kumpati S Narendra, and Anuradha M Annaswamy. 2012. Courier Corporation.
A new adaptive law for robust adaptation without persistent excitation. Kumpatis Narendra and Anuradham Annaswamy. 1987. IEEE Transactions on Automatic control. 32(2):134-145.
Response of a laminar premixed flame to flow oscillations: A kinematic model and thermoacoustic instability results. M Fleifil, Anuradha M Annaswamy, ZA Ghoneim, Ahmed F Ghoniem. 1996. Combustion and flame. 106(4):487-510.
Adaptive control of quadrotor UAVs: A design trade study with flight evaluations. Zachary T Dydek, Anuradha M Annaswamy, Eugene Lavretsky. 2012.  IEEE Transactions on control systems technology. 21(4): 1400-1406.


== References ==


== External links ==
Anuradha Annaswamy publications indexed by Google ScholarLisa Anthony is an Associate Professor in the Department of Computer & Information Science & Engineering (CISE) at the University of Florida. She is also the director of the Intelligent Natural Interaction Technology Laboratory (INIT Lab). Her research interests revolve around developing natural user interfaces to allow for greater human-computer interaction, specifically for children as they develop their cognitive and physical abilities.


== Education ==
Lisa Anthony earned her B.S. and M.S. in computer science with official concentrations in artificial intelligence, human-computer Interaction, and software engineering at Drexel University. Her M.S. thesis involved using genetic programming to evolve board evaluation functions for the strategy board game Acquire. As a summer graduate intern, she worked on the Collaborative Exploratory Search project at the Fuji-Xerox Palo Alto Laboratory (FXPAL).In 2008, she earned her Ph.D. from the Human Computer Interaction Institute in the School of Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University in 2008. Her Ph.D. thesis focused on developing handwriting-based systems for algebra equation-solving.


== Career ==
Anthony was also a Post-Doctoral Research Associate, then a Research Assistant Professor in the Department of Information Systems at the University of Maryland, Baltimore County. She worked on advanced user interface technologies as a senior member of the engineering staff at the User-Centered Interfaces Group at Lockheed Martin Advanced Technology Laboratories. She is an currently an  Associate Professor in the Department of Computer & Information Science & Engineering at University of Florida.


== Awards and honors ==
National Science Foundation CAREER Award, 2016-2020
HWCOE Undergraduate Faculty Adviser/Mentor of the Year, 2017-2018
Special Recognition for Exceptional Reviewing, ACM Conference on Designing Interactive Systems (DIS), 2014
Best of 2013, ACM Computing Reviews, 2013
Best Paper Award, ACM SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (CHI), 2013
Best Paper Award, ACM International Conference on Multimodal Interaction (ICMI), 2012


== Selected publications ==
Journal Articles

Anthony, Lisa; Regli, William C.; John, Jon E.; Lombeyda, Santiago V. (2001). "An Approach to Capturing Structure, Behavior, and Function of Artifacts in Computer-Aided Design". Journal of Computing and Information Science in Engineering. 1 (2): 186–192. doi:10.1115/1.1385826.
Anthony, Lisa; Wobbrock, Jacob O. (2010). "A lightweight multistroke recognizer for user interface prototypes". Proceedings of Graphics Interface 2010: Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, 31 May-2 June 2010. Mould, David; Noël, Sylvie (program chairs). Toronto: Canadian Information Processing Society. ISBN 978-1-56881-712-5. OCLC 635455649.
Anthony, Lisa; Yang, Jie; Koedinger, Kenneth R. (2012). "A paradigm for handwriting-based intelligent tutors". International Journal of Human-Computer Studies. 70 (11): 866–887. doi:10.1016/j.ijhcs.2012.04.003.
Vatavu, Radu-Daniel; Anthony, Lisa; Brown, Quincy (2015). "Child or Adult? Inferring Smartphone Users' Age Group from Touch Measurements Alone". Human-Computer Interaction – INTERACT 2015 (PDF). Lecture Notes in Computer Science. Vol. 9299. pp. 1–9. doi:10.1007/978-3-319-22723-8_1. ISBN 978-3-319-22722-1.Book Chapters

Anthony, L., Sharma, K., Stibler, K., Regli, S.H., Tremoulet, P. D., Gilbertson, D.G., and Gerhardt, R.T. 2010. Enabling Pre-Hospital Documentation via Spoken Language Understanding on the Modern Battlefield. In Advances in Human Factors and Ergonomics in Healthcare (Proceedings of the International Conference on Applied Human Factors & Ergonomics - AHFE’2010), ed. V.G. Duffy, CRC Press, p. 642-651


== References ==


== External links ==
Lisa Anthony publications indexed by Google ScholarAnnie Antón is an academic and researcher in the fields of computer science, mathematical logic, and bioinformatics. 
She is a professor in the School of Interactive Computing at Georgia Tech, within its College of Computing. She is the founder and director of ThePrivacyPlace.org, a research center devoted to issues of privacy protection in information systems. She has also held advisory positions in industry and government. 
Antón served as chair of the School of Interactive Computing from 2012 to 2017. From 1998 to 2012, Antón served as a professor of software engineering at North Carolina State University.


== Early life and education ==
Antón is a Cuban American.  She attended St. Pius X Catholic High School in Atlanta. Despite having dyslexia and attention deficit disorder, she continued on to college, eventually receiving her B.S., M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in computer science from the College of Computing at the Georgia Institute of Technology, finishing in 1997.  She was active in several student organizations, including as a student member of the Georgia Tech National Advisory Board and was an honorary member of the ANAK Society.


== Career ==
After a year on the faculty of the University of South Florida, Professor Antón joined the faculty at North Carolina State University in 1998.  There, her research and teaching interests were in software engineering (especially requirements engineering), information security, privacy, and public policy.  In 2012, Professor Antón left NCSU to become Chair of Georgia Tech's School of Interactive Computing.Antón is the founder and director of ThePrivacyPlace.org, a research group of students and faculty at NCSU, Georgia Tech, and Purdue University. She is leading this group in the development of technology to assist practitioners and policymakers in meeting the challenge of eliciting and expressing policies (a form of requirements). These tools help ensure that privacy policies are aligned with the software systems that they govern.


== Boards and advisory positions ==
2003–2005 Microsoft Research University Relations Advisory Board
2003–present ACM U.S. Public Policy Committee2005–2012 Member of executive committee
2008 Co-Vice Chair of executive committee
2011–2012 Vice Chair of executive committee
2004–2005 IDA/DARPA Defense Science Study Group
2005–2009 NSF CISE Advisory Council
2005–2007 CRA Committee on the Status of Women in Computing Research
2006–2012 Board of Directors of the Computing Research Association
2006-2012 U.S. Department of Homeland Security Data Privacy and Integrity Advisory Committee (DPIAC)
2006–present Intel Corporation Special Topics External Review Board
2007–2010 Georgia Tech Alumni Association Board of Trustees
2008–present Future of Privacy Forum Advisory Board
2012–present National Academy of Sciences Future Research Goals and Directions for Foundational Science in Cybersecurity
2014–present CRA-CCC Privacy by Design Workshop Organizing Committee
2016–present NIST Information Security and Privacy Advisory Board
2016–present President's Commission on Enhancing National Cybersecurity


== Selected honors ==
2000 NSF CAREER Award
2002 Computing Research Association Digital Government Fellow
2003 NCSU College of Engineering Pride of the Wolfpack Award
2005 CSO (Chief Security Officer) Magazine's Woman of Influence in the Public Sector Award
2009 ACM Distinguished Scientist
2015 Alpha Delta Pi National Outstanding Alumnae Achievement Award for Contribution to Profession


== References ==


== External links ==
Antón's Georgia Tech faculty profile
Annie Antón's homepage at NCSU
ThePrivacyPlaceKathleen "Kay" McNulty Mauchly Antonelli (12 February 1921 – 20 April 2006) was an Irish computer programmer and one of the six original programmers of the ENIAC, one of the first general-purpose electronic digital computers.
The other five ENIAC programmers were Betty Holberton, Ruth Teitelbaum, Frances Spence, Marlyn Meltzer, and Jean Bartik.


== Early life and education ==

She was born Kathleen Rita McNulty in Feymore, part of the small village of Creeslough in what was then a Gaeltacht area (Irish-speaking region) of County Donegal in Ulster, the northern province in Ireland, on February 12, 1921, during the Irish War of Independence.  She was the third of six children of James McNulty and Anne Nelis. On the night of her birth, her father, James McNulty, an Irish Republican Army training officer, was arrested and imprisoned in Derry Gaol for two years as he was a suspected member of the IRA. On his release, the family emigrated to the United States in October 1924 and settled in the Chestnut Hill section of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania where James found work as a stonemason. At the time, Antonelli was unable to speak any English, only Irish; she would remember prayers in Irish for the rest of her life.She attended parochial grade school in Chestnut Hill and J. W. Hallahan Catholic Girls High School in Philadelphia. In high school, she had taken a year of algebra, a year of plane geometry, a second year of algebra, and a year of trigonometry and solid geometry. After graduating high school, she enrolled in Chestnut Hill College for Women. During her studies, she took every mathematics course offered, including spherical trigonometry, differential calculus, projective geometry, partial differential equations, and statistics. She graduated with a degree in mathematics in June 1942, one of only a few mathematics majors out of a class of 92 women.During her third year of college, Antonelli was looking for relevant jobs, knowing that she wanted to work in mathematics but did not want to be a school teacher. She learned that insurance companies' actuarial positions required a master's degree; therefore, feeling that business training would make her more employable, she took as many business courses as her college schedule would permit: accounting, money and banking, business law, economics, and statistics.


== Career ==


=== Computer programmer ===

A week or two after graduating, she saw a US Civil Service ad in The Philadelphia Inquirer looking for women with degrees in mathematics. During World War II, the US Army was hiring women to calculate bullet and missile trajectories at Ballistic Research Laboratory, which had been established at the Aberdeen Proving Ground in Aberdeen, Maryland, with staff from both the Aberdeen Proving Ground and the Moore School of Engineering at the University of Pennsylvania . She immediately called her two fellow math majors, Frances Bilas and Josephine Benson about the ad. Benson couldn't meet up with them, so Antonelli and Bilas met in Philadelphia one morning in June 1942 for an interview in a building on South Broad Street (likely the Union League of Philadelphia Building).One week later, they were both hired as human "computers" at a pay grade of SP-4, a subprofessional civil service grade. The starting pay was $1620 annually. Antonelli stated the pay was "very good at the time". They were notified to report to work at the Moore School of Engineering. Their job was to compute ballistics trajectories used for artillery firing tables, mostly using mechanical desk calculators and extremely large sheets of columned paper. The pay was low, but both Antonelli and Bilas were satisfied to have attained employment that used their educations and that served the war effort.Her official civil service title, as printed on her employment documentation, was "computer." She and Bilas began work with about 10 other "girls" (as the female computers were called) and 4 men—a group recently brought to the Moore School from Aberdeen Proving Grounds. Antonelli and Bilas conducted their work in a large, former classroom in the Moore School; the same room would later be the one where the ENIAC was built and operated until December 1946.Despite all their coursework, their mathematics training had not prepared Antonelli and Bilas for their work calculating trajectories for firing tables: they were both unfamiliar with numerical integration methods used to compute the trajectories, and the textbook lent to them to study from (Numerical Mathematical Analysis, 1st Edition by James B. Scarborough, Oxford University Press, 1930) provided little enlightenment. The two newcomers ultimately learned how to perform the steps of their calculations, accurate to ten decimal places, through practice and the advisement of a respected supervisor, Lila Todd. A total of about 75 female computers were employed at the Moore School in this period, many of them taking courses from Adele Goldstine, Mary Mauchly, and Mildred Kramer. Each gun required its own firing table, which had about 1,800 trajectories. Computing just one trajectory required approximately 30–40 hours of handwork with a calculator.After two or three months, Antonelli and Bilas were moved to work on the differential analyser in the basement of the Moore School, the largest and most sophisticated analogue mechanical calculator of the time, of which there were only three in the United States and five or six in the world (all of the others were in Great Britain). The analyser had been lent to the University of Pennsylvania for the duration of the war. Using the analyser (invented by Vannevar Bush of MIT a decade prior and made more precise with improvements by the Moore School staff), a single trajectory computation—about 40 hours of work on a mechanical desk calculator—could be performed in about 50 minutes. Antonelli was further promoted to supervising calculations on the analyser. The analyser room staff worked six days a week, with their only official holidays as Christmas and the Fourth of July.


=== Working with ENIAC ===

The Electronic Numerical Integrator And Computer was developed for the purpose of performing these same ballistics calculations between 1943 and 1946. In June 1945, Antonelli was selected to be one of its first programmers, along with several other women from the computer corps: Betty Snyder, Marlyn Wescoff, and Ruth Lichterman, and a fifth computer named Helen Greenman. When Greenman declined to go to Aberdeen for training and a 1st alternate refused as well, Betty Jean Jennings, the 2nd alternate, got the job, and between June and August 1945 they received training at Aberdeen Proving Grounds in the IBM punched card equipment that was to be used as the I/O for the ENIAC. Later, Antonelli's college schoolmate and fellow computer, Bilas, would join the team of ENIAC programmers at the Moore School, though she did not attend the initial training at Aberdeen. The computer could complete the same ballistics calculations described above in about 10 seconds, but it would often take one or two days to set the computer up for a new set of problems, via plugs and switches. It was the computer programmer's responsibility to determine the sequence of steps required to complete the calculations for each problem and set up the ENIAC according; early on, they consulted with ENIAC engineers such as Arthur Burks to determine how the ENIAC could be programmed. In 1996, Antonelli said that John Mauchly pronounced the name of the computer "EN-ee-ack", unlike the common pronunciation at the time of "EEN-ee-ack".The ENIAC was programmed using subroutines, nested loops, and indirect addressing for both data locations and jump destinations.  During her work programming the ENIAC, Antonelli is credited with the invention of the subroutine.  Her colleague, Jean Jennings, recalled when Antonelli proposed the idea to solve the problem where the logical circuits did not have enough capacity to compute some trajectories.  The team collaborated on the implementation.Because the ENIAC was a classified project, the programmers were not at first allowed into the room to see the machine, but they were given access to blueprints from which to work out programs in an adjacent room. Programming the ENIAC involved discretising the differential equations involved in a trajectory problem to the precision allowed by the ENIAC and calculating the route to the appropriate bank of electronics in parallel progression, with each instruction having to reach the correct location in time to within 1/5,000th of a second. Having devised a program on paper, the programmers were allowed into the ENIAC room to physically program the machine. Antonelli would later find out that her team had been testing the conveniency of the H-bomb.Much of the programming time of the ENIAC consisted of setting up and running test programs that assured its operators of the whole system's integrity: every vacuum tube, every electrical connection needed to be verified before running a problem.As the team was preparing for the launch, Antonelli and the other women who had worked on the ENIAC were told to act as hostesses and greet those around them. They were to stand near the machine and "look good." Thus, at the time, they did not receive the recognition they deserved.Antonelli was transferred to Aberdeen Proving Ground's Ballistics Research Laboratory along with the ENIAC when it was moved there in mid-1947. She was joined by Ruth Lichterman and Bilas, but the other three programmers preferred to stay in Philadelphia rather than relocate to the remote Aberdeen.


== Personal life ==

ENIAC co-inventor John Mauchly, who had since departed his post as a professor at the Moore School to found his own computer company along with Presper Eckert, made frequent trips to Washington, D.C. during this period, and stopped in to check up on the ENIAC in Aberdeen.  Mauchly had already hired Jean Bartik (née Betty Jean Jennings) and Betty Holberton (née Snyder); and had hoped to attract McNulty as well.
Instead, Mauchly married McNulty in 1948 and she resigned her post at Aberdeen. The couple, along with his two children from his first marriage, lived initially in his row house on St. Mark's Street near the University of Pennsylvania. They later moved to a large farmhouse called Little Linden in Ambler, Pennsylvania. With Mauchly, McNulty had five children.  Mauchly's first wife had died in a September 1946 drowning accident.


== Later life ==
Kay McNulty worked on the software design for later computers including the BINAC and UNIVAC I computers whose hardware was designed by her husband. John Mauchly died in 1980 following several bouts of illness and recoveries.
She then married photographer Severo Antonelli in 1985.  After a long struggle with Parkinson's disease, her second husband died in 1996; Kay herself had suffered a heart attack while caring for her husband, but made a full recovery.Following Mauchly's death, Kay carried on the legacy of the ENIAC pioneers by authoring articles, giving talks (frequently along with Jean Bartik, with whom she remained lifelong friends), and making herself available for interviews with reporters and researchers. She was inducted into the Women in Technology International Hall of Fame in 1997 along with the other original ENIAC programmers, and she accepted the induction of John Mauchly into the National Inventors Hall of Fame in Akron, Ohio, in 2002.Kay McNulty died from cancer in Wyndmoor, Pennsylvania, on April 20, 2006, at the age of 85.


== Legacy ==
During the heyday of ENIAC, proper recognition escaped Antonelli and her fellow programmers.  The invisibility of the ENIAC programmers (both from being women and the secrecy of their work, especially during the war) kept them from the public eye.  In 2010, a documentary called, "Top Secret Rosies: The Female "Computers" of WWII" was released.  The film centered around in-depth interviews of three of the six women programmers, focusing on the commendable patriotic contributions they made during World War II.
The ENIAC team is also the inspiration behind the award-winning 2013 documentary The Computers. This documentary, created by Kathy Kleiman and the ENIAC Programmers Project, combines actual footage of the ENIAC team from the 1940s with interviews with the female team members as they reflect on their time working together on the ENIAC. It is the first documentary of a series of three, and parts two and three will be entitled The Coders and The Future-Maker, respectively.In July 2017, Dublin City University (DCU) honoured Antonelli by naming their computing building after Kathleen (Kay) McNulty.  In 2019, the Irish Centre for High-End Computing (ICHEC) at the National University of Ireland, Galway, named its new Waterford-based primary supercomputer, which is to serve as Ireland's national supercomputer for academic researchers, Kay, following a public poll, wherein Antonelli beat out candidates including botanist Ellen Hutchins, scientist and inventor Nicholas Callan, geologist Richard Kirwan, chemist Eva Philbin, and hydrographer Sir Francis Beaufort.


== See also ==
Timeline of women in science


== References ==


== External links ==
WITI Hall of Fame
Biography from The MacTutor History of Mathematics archive, University of St Andrews, Scotland
Oral history interview with Frances E. Holberton – Holberton was, with Antonelli, one of the six original ENIAC programmers.  Charles Babbage Institute, University of Minnesota.
Death of Donegal's Computing PioneerAndrew Wilson Appel (born 1960) is the Eugene Higgins Professor of computer science at Princeton University. He is especially well-known because of his compiler books, the Modern Compiler Implementation in ML (ISBN 0-521-58274-1) series, as well as Compiling With Continuations (ISBN 0-521-41695-7). He is also a major contributor to the Standard ML of New Jersey compiler, along with David MacQueen, John H. Reppy, Matthias Blume and others and one of the authors of Rog-O-Matic.


== Biography ==
Andrew Appel is the son of mathematician Kenneth Appel, who proved the Four-Color Theorem in 1976. Appel graduated summa cum laude with an A.B. in physics from Princeton University in 1981 after completing a senior thesis, titled "Investigation of galaxy clustering using an asymptotically fast N-body algorithm", under the supervision of Nobel laureate James Peebles. He later received  a Ph.D. (computer science) at Carnegie-Mellon University, in 1985. He became an ACM Fellow in 1998, due to his research of programming languages and compilers.In 1981, Appel developed a better approach to the n-body problem in linearithmic instead of quadratic time.From July 2005 to July 2006, he was a visiting researcher at the Institut national de recherche en informatique et en automatique (INRIA), Rocquencourt, France, on sabbatical from Princeton University.Andrew Appel campaigns on issues related to the interaction of law and computer technology. He testified in the penalty phase of the Microsoft antitrust case in 2002. He is opposed to the introduction of some computerized voting machines, which he deemed untrustworthy. In 2007, he received attention when he purchased a number of voting machines for the purpose of investigating their security.


== References ==


== External links ==
Website at PrincetonJacob Appelbaum (born 1 April 1983) is an American independent journalist, computer security researcher, artist, and hacker. He studied at the Eindhoven University of Technology and was formerly a core member of the Tor project, a free software network designed to provide online anonymity. Appelbaum is also known for representing WikiLeaks. He has displayed his art in a number of institutions across the world and has collaborated with artists such as Laura Poitras, Trevor Paglen, and Ai Weiwei. His journalistic work has been published in Der Spiegel and elsewhere. Appelbaum has repeatedly been targeted by U.S. law enforcement agencies, who obtained a court order for his Twitter account data, detained him at the U.S. border after trips abroad, and seized his laptop and several mobile phones.
Under the handle "ioerror," Appelbaum was an active member of the Cult of the Dead Cow hacker collective from 2008 to 2016. He was the co-founder of the San Francisco hackerspace Noisebridge with Mitch Altman. With several others, he co-founded the Seattle Privacy Coalition, an advocacy group. He worked for Kink.com and Greenpeace and volunteered for the Ruckus Society and the Rainforest Action Network.Many of these organizations, as well as his employer Tor, ended their association with Appelbaum in June 2016 following allegations of sexual abuse. Appelbaum has denied the allegations. Various activists and others publicly supported Appelbaum, voicing concerns about due process, trial by social media, and questioning the reliability of the claims, while others credit the incident with changing the information security community's attitude towards sheltering known abusers. The affair has had repercussions in the online privacy advocacy world. While U.S. news media treated the allegations as credible, reporting in Germany, where Appelbaum lives, was sharply critical.


== Early life and education ==
Appelbaum says that he tested out of high school and attended junior college briefly before he "stopped college and continued [his] education." In a wide-ranging interview with Rolling Stone magazine in 2010, Appelbaum revealed that he comes from "a family of lunatics... [a]ctual, raving lunatics." He stated that his mother "is a paranoid schizophrenic" who "insisted that Jake had somehow been molested by his father while he was still in the womb". He was taken away from his mother by his aunt when he was 6. Two years later, he was placed in a children's home in Sonoma County. At age 10, his indigent father was awarded custody of him. According to him, having been introduced to computer programming by a friend's father saved his life: "The Internet is the only reason I'm alive today." Appelbaum says that he developed OCD at a young age. He has also stated that his father, who struggled with heroin addiction, has been murdered by poisoning.Since 2015 and as of 2017, Appelbaum is a Ph.D. student studying under Tanja Lange and Daniel J. Bernstein at the Eindhoven University of Technology.


== Career ==


=== Journalism ===
Appelbaum was among several people to gain access to former NSA contractor Edward Snowden's top secret documents released in 2013. He has contributed extensively as a journalist to the publication of those documents.
On 23 October 2013, Appelbaum and other writers and editors at Der Spiegel reported that their investigations had led German Chancellor Angela Merkel to confront the U.S. government over evidence that it was monitoring her personal cell phone.
US President Barack Obama issued an ambiguously worded denial and apology.
The Der Spiegel team reported on the resulting controversy and detailed a further claim that the Embassy of the United States, Berlin, was being used as a base of operations for electronic surveillance of its German ally.
The BBC commented that "This scandal has caused one of the biggest diplomatic rifts between Germany and the U.S. in recent years."
At the scandal's peak, Merkel compared the National Security Agency with the East German Stasi secret police during an angry conversation with Obama.

The Der Spiegel team's reporting about Merkel earned the 2014 Henri Nannen prize
for investigative journalism. Appelbaum shared the prize with Der Spiegel writers and editors Marcel Rosenbach, Jörg Schindler, and Holger Stark. A few days later he provoked a furor by condemning Nannen, the prize's namesake, for his Nazi collaboration, declaring that he would have his bronze bust of Nannen melted down and recast, and donate his prize money to anti-fascist groups.On 28 December 2013, at the Chaos Communication Congress, he presented documents showing that the NSA can turn iPhones into eavesdropping tools and has developed devices to harvest electronic information from a computer even if the computer is not online. An investigative team at Der Spiegel, including Appelbaum, simultaneously published their findings, along with a descriptive list of the surveillance devices making up the NSA ANT catalog.On 3 July 2014, German broadcaster NDR/ARD carried disclosures by Appelbaum and others about the operation of NSA's top-secret XKeyscore surveillance software, including source code proving that a computer of Appelbaum's had been targeted.On 28 December 2014, Der Spiegel again drew from the Snowden documents to assess the NSA's ability to crack encrypted Internet communications.
In a separate article, they described how British and American intelligence used covert surveillance to target, often inaccurately, suspected Taliban fighters and drug smugglers for killing.Appelbaum has appeared several times on Democracy Now! as a security researcher, privacy activist, and target of government surveillance.
He appeared with Julian Assange on Episode 8 & 9 of World Tomorrow, "Cypherpunks".He is a contributor to Julian Assange's 2012 book Cypherpunks: Freedom and the Future of the Internet along with Andy Müller-Maguhn and Jérémie Zimmermann.
Appelbaum was a member of the outside volunteer technical advisory board of the Freedom of the Press Foundation  until 8 June 2016.


=== Technology ===
In 2005, Appelbaum gave two talks at the 22nd Chaos Communication Congress, Personal Experiences: Bringing Technology and New Media to Disaster Areas, and A Discussion About Modern Disk Encryption Systems. The former covered his travels to Iraq—crossing the border by foot, the installing of Internet satellites in Kurdistan, and his visit of New Orleans post-Hurricane Katrina. The latter talk discussed the legal and technical aspects of full disk encryption. At the 2006 23rd Chaos Communication Congress, he gave a talk with Ralf-Philipp Weinmann titled Unlocking FileVault: An Analysis of Apple's Encrypted Disk Storage System. The duo subsequently released the VileFault free software program which broke Apple's FileVault security.
Appelbaum has collaborated on several other high-profile research projects.

The cold boot attack, with J. Alex Halderman, Seth Schoen, Nadia Heninger, William Clarkson, William Paul, Joseph A. Calandrino, Ariel J. Feldman, and Edward W. Felten. Winner of USENIX Security Best Student Paper award and the Pwnie Award for Most Innovative Research.
The MD5 collision attack, with Alexander Sotirov, Marc Stevens, Arjen Lenstra, David Molnar, Dag Arne Osvik, and Benne de Weger. The proof of concept was to use a cluster of 200 Sony PlayStation 3 systems to create two valid SSL certificates containing an MD5 collision. The bogus "MD5 Collisions Inc." certificate authority still appears (blacklisted) in the Mozilla Firefox certificate store.
Smart parking meter vulnerabilities, with Joe Grand and Chris Tarnovsky, presented as "'Smart' Parking Meter Implementations, Globalism, and You" at Black Hat 2008.
The Open Observatory of Network Interference (OONI), founded in collaboration with Arturo Filastò to collect "data which will show an accurate topology of network surveillance, interference and outright censorship."Appelbaum regards Tor as a "part of an ecosystem of software that helps people regain and reclaim their autonomy. It helps to enable people to have agency of all kinds; it helps others to help each other and it helps you to help yourself. It runs, it is open and it is supported by a large community spread across all walks of life."Appelbaum was a Debian developer from 16 September 2013 to 18 June 2016.Applebaum was also a keynote speaker at Consilience 2013, organised by National Law School of India University, Bengaluru on Data Protection and Cyber-Security in India.


=== Art ===

Appelbaum has taken part in a number of art projects with dissident artists including Laura Poitras, Trevor Paglen, Ai Weiwei, and Angela Richter. His art often straddles the borders of art, politics, and technology and has given rise to projects such as Panda to Panda (P2P) and the Autonomy Cube.Appelbaum is also a photographer who has contributed still photographs to film and game projects. He exhibited his work in a solo show at NOME in 2016.Appelbaum appeared in Laura Poitras's Academy Award-winning film Citizenfour (2014), which documents the public emergence of NSA whistle-blower Edward Snowden and the political circumstances leading to his actions. Appelbaum stars in Poitras's portrait of WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, Risk (2016).He was an artist in residence for the art group monochrom at Museumsquartier in 2006.


== Activism ==

Appelbaum represented Wikileaks founder Julian Assange in a keynote address at the 2010 HOPE conference. FBI agents were planning to detain him after his talk, but organizers slipped him out through an alternative exit in disguise.In August 2013, Appelbaum delivered Edward Snowden's acceptance speech after he was awarded the biannual Whistleblower Prize by a group of NGOs at the Berlin-Brandenburg Academy of Sciences and Humanities.


=== Surveillance, airport detention, and WikiLeaks investigation ===
Appelbaum says he believes he has been under government surveillance since 2009, to the detriment of himself, his friends, and his close relations.  In interviews he has stated that living in Germany has given him a sense of relief from U.S. surveillance.  Appelbaum has described various aggressive surveillance events, and implies they are related to his work with Wikileaks, to his privacy activism, and to relationships with other privacy activists, notably reporters linked to Edward Snowden. In December 2013, Appelbaum said he suspected the U.S. government of breaking into his Berlin apartment and using his computer.While traveling, Appelbaum has been detained at airports and had his electronic equipment seized several times.In 2010, the US Department of Justice obtained a court order compelling Twitter to provide data associated with the user accounts of Appelbaum, as well as several other individuals associated with WikiLeaks. While the order was originally sealed, Twitter successfully petitioned the court to unseal it, permitting the company to inform its users that their account information had been requested.In September 2013, he testified before the European Parliament, mentioning that his partner had been spied on by men in night-vision goggles as she slept.


== Allegations of sexual misconduct ==
In March 2015, Appelbaum was suspended from his position at the Tor Project for ten days due to alleged incidents of harassment.On 25 May 2016, Appelbaum stepped down from his position at Tor; this was announced on 2 June by the non-profit in a terse statement. On 4 June, Shari Steele, the executive director of the Tor project, published a much longer statement, noting that although prior allegations of sexual abuse regarding Appelbaum were consistent with "rumors some of us had been hearing for some time," that "the most recent allegations are much more serious and concrete than anything we had heard previously."Also on 4 June, a website appeared with anonymous accounts of mistreatment by Appelbaum. Security engineer Leigh Honeywell came forward on 7 June to publicly relate the website's stories with her relationship with Appelbaum, in which she described Appelbaum ignoring a safeword and becoming violent. On 15 June, Alison Macrina (the director of the Library Freedom Project) and Isis Lovecruft (a Tor developer) publicly announced that the website's anonymous accounts of sexual abuse, under the pseudonyms of "Sam" and "Forest," respectively, were their own.On 6 June, Appelbaum issued a statement denouncing the allegations as part of a concerted strategy to damage his reputation.An anonymously leaked letter that the Tor Project's human resources manager had written to Appelbaum in conjunction with his March 2015 suspension for unprofessional conduct was published on 7 June.In response to the allegations, the Cult of the Dead Cow ended their association with Appelbaum on 7 June, and the Freedom of the Press Foundation removed him from their volunteer technical advisory board on 8 June. Noisebridge announced on 10 June that co-founder Appelbaum had triggered their Anti-Harassment policy and is "no longer welcome in our community, either in its physical or online spaces," and on 17 June the Chaos Computer Club announced that he was not welcome. On 18 June his status as a Debian project developer was revoked. On 1 July Linux Australia barred Appelbaum from future events.On 10 June, a woman whom three witnesses claimed to have seen being abused, denied the abuse allegations. In a statement released by Gizmodo journalist William Turton, she wrote that her experience was distorted and reported without her consent.On 17 June 2016, activists, journalists and legal professionals supporting Appelbaum signed a document defending his right to due process, and deploring the story's treatment by social media.In June 2016, the façade of the building in which Appelbaum's Berlin apartment is located was defaced in English and German with graffiti directly referencing the allegations.In July 2016 the Tor Project announced it had completed a seven-week investigation led by a hired investigator. According to Shari Steele, Tor Project "did everything in our power" to treat Mr. Appelbaum fairly, but "we determined that the allegations against him appear to be true." According to her summary of the investigation, which was not released, "many people inside and outside the Tor Project have reported incidents of being humiliated, intimidated, bullied, and frightened" by Jacob Appelbaum, and that "several experienced unwanted sexually aggressive behavior from him." Steele made no mention of rape claims published on the anonymous website.On 11 August 2016, the German weekly Die Zeit published a lengthy investigation into the rape charges, including interviews with three people present at the scene of the alleged rape. None of these witnesses corroborated the claims made by the anonymous victim. The article also reports that a second falsely identified victim had demanded that her story be removed from the anonymous website.A change in attitude in the information security community towards calling out known abusers and believing reports of sexual misconduct was partially credited to Appelbaum's precedent.


== Personal life ==
Appelbaum is an atheist of Jewish background and identifies himself as queer. Politically, he is an anarchist.In 2012 he moved to Berlin, where he works under a freelance visa; he has stated that he doesn't want to go back to the U.S. because he doesn't feel safe there and in interviews he has provided specific examples of experiences that left him feeling unsafe. Appelbaum also notes strong German privacy protections as reasons for preferring to live in Germany, as opposed to the United States.


== See also ==
Hacktivism


== References ==


== External links ==
Jacob Appelbaum on Twitter 
Jacob Appelbaum at IMDbDavid L. Applegate is a computer scientist known for his research on the traveling salesperson problem.
Applegate graduated from the University of Dayton in 1984, and completed his doctorate in 1991 from Carnegie Mellon University, with a dissertation on convex volume approximation supervised by Ravindran Kannan. He worked on the faculty at Rice University and at AT&T Labs before joining Google in New York City in 2016.His work on the Concorde TSP Solver, described in a 1998 paper, won the Beale–Orchard-Hays Prize of the Mathematical Optimization Society,[ICM]
and his book The traveling salesman problem with the same authors won the Frederick W. Lanchester Prize in 2007.[TSP]
He and Edith Cohen won the IEEE Communications Society's William R. Bennett Prize
for a 2006 research paper on robust network routing.[ToN]
Another of his papers, on arithmetic without carrying, won the 2013 George Pólya Award.[CMJ]
In 2013 he was named an AT&T Fellow.With Guy Jacobsen and Daniel Sleator, Applegate was the first to computerize the analysis of the pencil-and-paper game, Sprouts.


== Selected publications ==


== References ==


== External links ==
David Applegate publications indexed by Google ScholarHamid Reza Arabnia is a professor of computer science at the University of Georgia, United States.
He has been the editor-in-chief of The Journal of Supercomputing since 1997.


== References ==


== External links ==
Hamid R. Arabnia at DBLP Bibliography Server 
Hamid R. Arabnia publications indexed by Google ScholarCecilia Rodriguez Aragon is an American computer scientist, professor, author, and champion aerobatic pilot who is best known as the co-inventor (with Raimund Seidel) of the treap data structure, a type of binary search tree that orders nodes by adding a priority as well as a key to each node. She is also known for her work in data-intensive science and visual analytics of very large data sets, for which she received the prestigious Presidential Early Career Award for Scientists and Engineers (PECASE).


== Education ==
Aragon received her B.S. in mathematics from the California Institute of Technology in 1982, her M.S. from the University of California, Berkeley in 1987 and, her Ph.D. in computer science from the same institution in 2004. For her doctoral studies, Aragon worked under the direction of Marti Hearst.


== Career ==
She is a professor in the Department of Human Centered Design and Engineering at the University of Washington in Seattle. Her research interests in the field of human-centered data science include eScience, scientific and information visualization, visual analytics, image processing, collaborative creativity, analysis of spontaneous text communication, dynamic affect
detection, and games for good. Prior to her appointment at UW, she was a computer scientist and data scientist at
Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory for six years and NASA Ames Research Center for nine years, and before that, an airshow and test pilot, entrepreneur, and member of the United States Aerobatic Team.


=== Presidential Early Career Award ===
On July 9, 2009, Aragon received a Presidential Early Career Award for Scientists and Engineers, the highest honor bestowed by the United States government on outstanding scientists and engineers in the early stages of their independent research careers.She was recognized for "seminal research in workflow management and visual analytics for data-intensive scientific research, including the development of the Fourier contour analysis algorithm and Sunfall."


=== Aerobatic career ===
Aragon first won a slot on the United States Aerobatic Team in 1991. She holds the record for shortest time from first solo in an airplane to membership on the US Team (less than six years),  and was also the first Latina to win a slot on the Team.
A team member from 1991–1994, she was a bronze medalist at the 1993 U.S. National Aerobatic Championships and the 1994 World Aerobatic Championships. She has also won over 70 trophies in regional aerobatic competitions at the Unlimited level and was California State Unlimited Aerobatic Champion in 1990.  Aragon has also flown airshows (as distinct from aerobatic competitions) professionally since 1990.
Aragon has been a flight instructor since 1987.  In 1989, she founded one of the first aerobatic and tailwheel flight schools in Northern California.Aragon helped develop an "unusual attitude recovery training", whereby  flight students are taught how to recover from emergency situations in flight. Between 1987 and 2008, she was a flight instructor at Oakland, Livermore, and Tracy Airports, giving over 2400 hours of flight instruction and over 3000 hours of ground instruction.


=== Autobiography ===
In September 2020, Aragon's memoir, Flying Free, was published by Blackstone Publishing. Her autobiography was listed on September 2020 Ms. Magazine book list. Her book won the 2021 PNWA Nancy Pearl award.


== Bibliography ==


=== Selected scientific papers ===
Aragon, Cecilia R.; Seidel, Raimund (1989). Randomized Search Trees (PDF). Symposium on Foundations of Computer Science. IEEE Computer Society Press. pp. 540–545. doi:10.1109/SFCS.1989.63531. ISBN 0-8186-1982-1.
Johnson, David S.; Aragon, Cecilia R.; McGeoch, Lyle A.; Schevon, Catherine (November–December 1989). "Optimization by Simulated Annealing: An Experimental Evaluation; Part I, Graph Partitioning". Operations Research. 37 (6): 853–992. doi:10.1287/opre.37.6.865.
Seidel, Raimund; Aragon, Cecilia R. (October 1996). "Randomized search trees". Algorithmica. 16 (4–5): 464–497. doi:10.1007/BF01940876. S2CID 9370259.
Pritoni, Marco; Meier, Alan K; Aragon, Cecilia; Perry, Daniel; Peffer, Therese (July 2015). "Energy efficiency and the misuse of programmable thermostats: The effectiveness of crowdsourcing for understanding household behavior". Energy Research & Social Science. 8: 190–197. doi:10.1016/j.erss.2015.06.002.


=== Non-science non-fiction books ===
Aragon, Cecilia; Davis, Katie (August 2019). Writers in the Secret Garden: Fanfiction, Youth, and New Forms of Mentoring. MIT Press. ISBN 978-0262537803. OCLC 1192499682.
Aragon, Cecilia (September 2020). Flying Free: My Victory over Fear to Become the First Latina Pilot on the US Aerobatic Team. Blackstone Publishing. ISBN 978-1982642464. OCLC 1137834616.


=== Short stories (fiction) ===
Aragon, Cecilia (September 2014). "Lace Round the Sky". Cricket.
Aragon, Cecilia (January 13, 2015). "Green or Not At All". self.
Aragon, Cecilia (August 2016). "The Banana Festival". Jersey Devil Press. No. 81.
Aragon, Cecilia (February 2017). Emotional Contagion. Lost: Reflections (anthology). Medusa's Laugh Press. ISBN 978-0-9771680-3-3.


=== Newspaper ===
Aragon, Cecilia R. (October 5, 2019). "A higher purpose for fan fiction? Yes! It's helping teach young and marginalized people to write, says UW professor". Seattle Times.


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website
"Daredevils of the Sky." NOVA. PBS. (Aired February 1, 1994; contains footage and interview with Aragon.)
Treaps info including links to source code and original papers
Cecilia Aragon: US Aerobatics Team - Aerospace Education Live (video). Aerospace Education Live. December 17, 2020. Archived from the original on December 21, 2021 – via YouTube.
Cecilia R. Aragon at DBLP Bibliography ServerBruce Wesley Arden ((1927-05-29)May 29, 1927 – (2021-12-08)December 8, 2021) was an American computer scientist.Arden enlisted in the U.S. Navy during World War II (1944-1946) as a Radar Technician Third Class in California, Chicago, and Kodiak, Alaska.
He graduated from Purdue University with a BS(EE) in 1949 and started his computing career in 1950 with the wiring and programming of IBM's hybrid (mechanical and electronic) Card Programmed Computer/Calculator at the Allison Division of General Motors. Next he spent a short period as a programmer for computations being done at the University of Michigan's Willow Run Laboratory using the Standards Eastern Automatic Computer.
He then became a research associate at the University of Michigan's Statistical Research Laboratory and later an associate director of the university's Computing Center after its establishment in 1959. While at Michigan he co-authored two compilers, GAT for the IBM 650 and MAD for the IBM 704/709/7090, was involved in the design of the architecture and negotiations with IBM over the virtual memory features that would be included in what became the IBM System/360 Model 67 computer, and in the initial design of the Michigan Terminal System (MTS) time-sharing operating system.: 12 U-M Vice President for Research Geoffrey Norman, writing in 1976, gave special credit to a triumvirate of Michigan computer specialists who contributed greatly to the future of computing at Michigan and in the nation as a whole. "Bartels, Arden, and Westervelt," Norman has said, "were a team that we took great care should not be broken up or induced to leave the University. Westervelt, the hardware expert, Arden, brilliant in software and logic, and Bartels orchestrating their progress-these three put together a superb timesharing computer system. The university and their faculty colleagues owe them much."Arden's increasing interest in academic computer science and engineering motivated him to complete a doctoral program in electrical engineering in 1965. He was subsequently a professor in, and ultimately chairman of, the Computer and Communication Sciences department at Michigan.: 16  In 1973 he accepted a professorship at Princeton University and chaired the department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science. In 1986, then Princeton's Alexander Doty Professor of Engineering, he went to the University of Rochester as its dean of the College of Engineering and Applied Science. In the three years preceding the addition of "Emeritus" to his academic title (William May Professor of Engineering) in 1995, he also served as Rochester's vice provost for telecommunications and computing.During his academic career, Arden wrote two books on numerical computation and edited another on computer science and engineering research. He wrote many papers in the areas of compilers, operating systems, computer logic and networks. In addition, he supervised many students, both undergraduate and graduate, in their studies of the various aspects of computing, and he served as a consultant to government agencies and several major computer companies at various times during those years.
He retired in 1995 and lived in Michigan and Maine.


== References ==


== External links ==
"Bruce Arden Named William F. May Professor of Engineering", Tom Rickey, University of Rochester, November 23, 1992.
Video (46 minutes), Bruce W. Arden Collection (AFC/2001/001/97393), Veterans History Project, American Folklife Center, Library of Congress.
"Remembering Bruce Arden: U-M faculty member and past chair of Computer and Communication Sciences department", Division News, 10 January 2022, Computer Science and Engineering, University of Michigan.
"Bruce Arden, former dean of engineering, dies at 94", Newscenter, 10 January 2022, University of Rochester.Esther M. (Estie) Arkin is an Israeli–American mathematician and computer scientist whose research interests include operations research, computational geometry, combinatorial optimization, and the design and analysis of algorithms. She is a professor of applied mathematics and statistics at Stony Brook University. At Stony Brook, she also directs the undergraduate program in applied mathematics and statistics,
and is an affiliated faculty member with the department of computer science.


== Education and career ==
Arkin graduated from Tel Aviv University in 1981. She earned a master's degree at Stanford University in 1983, and completed her Ph.D. at Stanford in 1986. Her doctoral dissertation, Complexity of Cycle and Path Problems in Graphs, was supervised by Christos Papadimitriou.
After working as a visiting professor at Cornell University, she joined the Stony Brook faculty in 1991.


== Selected publications ==
Arkin, Esther M.; Silverberg, Ellen B. (September 1987), "Scheduling jobs with fixed start and end times", Discrete Applied Mathematics, 18 (1): 1–8, doi:10.1016/0166-218X(87)90037-0, MR 0905173
Arkin, Esther; Joneja, Dev; Roundy, Robin (April 1989), "Computational complexity of uncapacitated multi-echelon production planning problems", Operations Research Letters, 8 (2): 61–66, doi:10.1016/0167-6377(89)90001-1
Arkin, E. M.; Chew, L. P.; Huttenlocher, D. P.; Kedem, K.; Mitchell, J. S. B. (March 1991), "An efficiently computable metric for comparing polygonal shapes", IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence, 13 (3): 209–216, doi:10.1109/34.75509, hdl:1813/8729, S2CID 8247618
Arkin, Esther M.; Hassin, Refael (December 1994), "Approximation algorithms for the geometric covering salesman problem", Discrete Applied Mathematics, 55 (3): 197–218, doi:10.1016/0166-218X(94)90008-6, MR 1308878
Arkin, Esther M.; Fekete, Sándor P.; Mitchell, Joseph S. B. (October 2000), "Approximation algorithms for lawn mowing and milling", Computational Geometry: Theory and Applications, 17 (1–2): 25–50, doi:10.1016/S0925-7721(00)00015-8, MR 1794471
Arkin, Esther M.; Bender, Michael A.; Demaine, Erik D.; Fekete, Sándor P.; Mitchell, Joseph S. B.; Sethia, Saurabh (January 2005), "Optimal covering tours with turn costs", SIAM Journal on Computing, 35 (3): 531–566, arXiv:cs/0309014, doi:10.1137/S0097539703434267, MR 2201447, S2CID 1174606


== References ==


== External links ==
Home page
Esther Arkin publications indexed by Google ScholarBoris Aronov (born March 13, 1963) is a computer scientist, currently a professor at the Tandon School of Engineering, New York University. His main area of research is computational geometry. He is a Sloan Research Fellow.
Aronov earned his B.A. in computer science and mathematics in 1984 from Queens College, City University of New York. He went on to graduate studies at the Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences of New York University, where he received his M.S. in 1986 and Ph.D. in 1989, under the supervision of Micha Sharir.


== References ==


== External links ==
Aronov's Poly faculty pageAndrea Carol Arpaci-Dusseau (also published as Andrea Dusseau) is an American computer scientist interested in operating systems, file systems, data storage, distributed computing, and computer science education. She is a professor of computer sciences at the University of Wisconsin–Madison.


== Education and career ==
Arpaci-Dusseau majored in computer engineering at Carnegie Mellon University, graduating in 1991. She completed a Ph.D. in computer science at the University of California, Berkeley in 1998; her dissertation, Implicit Coscheduling: Coordinated Scheduling with Implicit Information in Distributed Systems, was supervised by David Culler.After postdoctoral research at Stanford University, she joined the University of Wisconsin–Madison faculty as an assistant professor in 2000, and became a full professor there in 2009.


== Personal life ==
Arpaci-Dusseau is married to Remzi Arpaci-Dusseau, also a professor at the University of Wisconsin–Madison and an expert on data storage; they are frequent collaborators.


== Book ==
With Remzi Arpaci-Dusseau, Arpaci-Dusseau is the co-author of the free 2018 book Operating Systems: Three Easy Pieces.


== Recognition ==
In 2018, Arpaci-Dusseau and her husband were the winners of the SIGOPS Mark Weiser Award, "for outstanding leadership, innovation, and impact in storage and computer systems research". Arpaci-Dusseau was named a 2020 ACM Fellow "for contributions to storage and computer systems".


== References ==


== External links ==
Home page
Andrea Arpaci-Dusseau publications indexed by Google ScholarRemzi Arpaci-Dusseau is a professor at the University of Wisconsin-Madison and the chair of the Computer Sciences department.
He co-leads a research group with Professor Andrea Arpaci-Dusseau.
He and Andrea have co-written a textbook on operating systems, "Operating Systems: Three Easy Pieces" (OSTEP), that is downloaded millions of times yearly and used at hundreds of institutions worldwide.
His research been cited over 12,000 times and is one of the leading experts in the area of data storage.


== Education ==
Arpaci-Dusseau received his Bachelor of Science at the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor in 1993, then proceeded to earn his Master's in 1996 at the University of California, Berkeley.
He later earned his Ph.D at the same institution, with a thesis titled Performance Availability for Networks of Workstations.


== Honors and awards ==
Mark Weiser Award (2018)
ACM Fellow (2020)
UW-Madison Chancellor's Distinguished Teaching Award (2016)
SACM Student's Choice Professor of the Year Award (the COW award) (2001, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2013, 2016, 2018)


== References ==


== External links ==
Remzi Arpaci-Dusseau's Professional WebsiteArvind is the Johnson Professor of Computer Science and Engineering in the Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (CSAIL) at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). He is a Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) and the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM). He was also elected as a member into the National Academy of Engineering in 2008 for contributions to data flow and multi-thread computing and the development of tools for the high-level synthesis of hardware.


== Career ==
Arvind's research interests include formal verification of large-scale digital systems using Guarded Atomic Actions, Memory Models, and Cache Coherence Protocols for parallel architectures and languages.Past work was instrumental in the development of dynamic dataflow architectures, two parallel computing programming languages: Id and pH; and compiling such languages on parallel machines.At IIT Kanpur, he earned a Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) degree in technology (with an emphasis in electrical engineering) in 1969. In that process, he discovered that he was keenly interested in computers. Then, at the University of Minnesota, he earned a Master of Science (M.Sc.) in computer science in 1972, and a Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) in computer science in 1973.Arvind conducted thesis research in operating systems on mathematical models of program behavior. At the University of California, Irvine, where he taught from 1974 to 1978, he became interested in computer architecture and programming languages.Arvind then taught at IIT's Kanpur campus in 1977 and 1978.Arvind joined the MIT faculty in 1978.He served as the Chief Technical Advisor to the United Nations' sponsored, Knowledge Based Computer Systems project in India from 1986 to 1992. During 1992–93, he was the Fujitsu Visiting Professor at the University of Tokyo.In 1992, Arvind and his CSAIL team collaborated with Motorola in completing the Monsoon dataflow machine and associated software. A dozen Monsoons were installed at Los Alamos National Laboratory and other universities before Monsoon was retired to the Computer History Museum in California. In 2000, Arvind took two years off from teaching at MIT to build Sandburst, Inc, a fabless manufacturing semiconductor company. He served as its president until returning to MIT in 2002. In 2003, he cofounded Bluespec, Inc, an electronic design automation (EDA) company. As of 2021, he serves on the boards of both firms.In 2006, Sandburst, headquartered in Andover, Massachusetts and providing semiconductor designs for scalable packet switching and routing systems, was acquired by Broadcom Corporation.Bluespec, Inc., headquartered in Waltham, Massachusetts, manufactures silicon-proven electronic design automation synthesis toolsets.He served as the General Chair for the International Conference on Supercomputing held in Cambridge, Massachusetts in June 2005. He has also served as the Engineering and Computer Science Jury Chair for the Infosys Prize from 2019 onwards.Arvind was the first to occupy the N. Rama Rao Chair in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering at IIT. He served as chair from 1998 to 1999. Also during this time he taught a few weeks each semester at the CSE department of IIT, Kanpur.Arvind's current research uses a formalism named a term rewriting system (TRS) for high-level specification and description of architectures and protocols. In the Computation Structures Group at MIT, which he heads, work is being done on using TRS's to design hardware faster and allow for more exploration of designs.


== Published works ==
Along with R. S. Nikhil, Arvind published the book Implicit parallel programming in pH in 2001. "pH" is a programming language based on Haskell with special support for parallel processing.
Among the most significant and/or recent articles he authored or co-authored that have been published:

James Hoe and Arvind, "Operation-Centric Hardware Descriptions and Synthesis", IEEE TCAD, September 2004
Hari Balakrishnan, Srinivas Devadas, Doug Ehlert, and Arvind, "Rate Guarantees and Overload Protection in Input-Queued Switches", IEEE Infocom, March 2004.
Dan Rosenband and Arvind, "Modular Scheduling of Guarded Atomic Actions", DAC41, June 2004
Arvind, R.S. Nikhil, Daniel Rosenband and Nirav Dave, "High-level synthesis: An Essential Ingredient for Designing Complex ASICs", ICCAD'04, November 2004Arvind has also served on the editorial board of several journals including the Journal of Parallel and Distributed Computing, and the Journal of Functional Programming.


== Awards ==
Arvind has received the following awards: Distinguished Alumnus Award, University of Minnesota (2001), Distinguished Alumnus Award, I.I.T. Kanpur (1999) and the IEEE Computer Society Charles Babbage Award (1994) and the Outstanding Achievement Award from the University of Minnesota.Additionally he was selected as an IEEE Fellow in 1994 and an ACM Fellow. He was a member of the National Academy of Engineering in 2008 and is currently a member of the Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (CSAIL) at MIT.


== References ==Alan C. Ashton (born May 7, 1942) is the co-founder of WordPerfect Corporation and a former professor at Brigham Young University (BYU). Ashton worked for a time with Novell after the company bought WordPerfect, and subsequently founded Thanksgiving Point in Lehi, Utah. 


== Career ==
Born in Salt Lake City, Utah, Ashton began his work in computer science at the University of Utah, studying computing and music in the early 1970s. In 1977, Ashton began work on word processing when he created a specification for an improved console-based word processor. His specifications outlined various innovations at the time, including continuous documents, function key shortcuts, modeless editing, and primitive WYSIWYG formatting.  Along with his student, Bruce Bastian, Ashton incorporated Satellite Software International, which would later become the WordPerfect Corporation, in September 1979.  In 1987, Ashton left BYU to serve full-time as president and chief executive officer of WordPerfect Corporation.
Ashton ran WordPerfect as a triumvirate, along with Bastian and W. E. "Pete" Peterson. Ashton and Bastian each controlled 49.5% of the company, and Peterson controlled 1%. While Ashton was the titular head of WordPerfect, Peterson ran the day-to-day operations, and was frequently misinterpreted as the head of the company by the press. Ashton's management style was hands-off.  For a time, the entire development organization of WordPerfect reported directly to him.
In 1990, Ashton was identified by Forbes magazine as one of the 400 wealthiest individuals in the United States.
Ashton joined the Novell Corporation's Board of Directors in 1994, and resigned in 1996.
Ashton is unrelated to Ashton-Tate, a database company and contemporary of WordPerfect in the 1980s.
In April 1999, Ashton founded ASH Capital, a venture investment company controlled by Ashton and managed by James Savas and David Harkness.


== Thanksgiving Point ==
After WordPerfect was acquired by Novell and Ashton's responsibilities were alleviated, he and his wife founded Thanksgiving Point.  Thanksgiving Point is located in Lehi, Utah, within 20 miles of WordPerfect's former corporate headquarters in Orem.
"We wanted to create something for the people around us," says Ashton. "We've been blessed financially and with a large family. We wanted to give something back to the community and the families in our area."
Today, Thanksgiving Point provides the community with a place where adults and children can learn about farming, gardening and cooking.  It also has a championship caliber golf course, a museum of ancient life, a children's curiosity museum, a 55-acre themed garden, and a movie theater.


== Personal life ==
Ashton is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and a grandson of former church president David O. McKay. He served as a missionary in Central Germany as a young man. Ashton later married Karen Jackman Ashton; they are the parents of 11 children. He has served in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints as a bishop, stake president, and as president of the Canada Toronto West Mission from 2004 to 2007.  From 2013 to 2016, Ashton and his wife served as the president and matron of the Provo Utah Temple.


=== California Proposition 8 ===
The California Proposition 8 campaign announced that a $1 million donation to support Proposition 8 was given by Ashton. The donation was reported by the Proposition 8 campaign on October 28, 2008. Ashton's former business partner Bastian gave $1 million to oppose Proposition 8.


== References ==


== External links ==
Almost Perfect
University of Utah Ashton Bio
Ashton's Novell Resignation
History of Thanksgiving Point
Prop 8 Donor Revealed
SFGate.com: Prop 8 ContributionsWinifred "Tim" Alice Asprey (April 8, 1917 – October 19, 2007) was an American mathematician and computer scientist.  She was one of only around 200 women to earn PhDs in mathematics from American universities during the 1940s, a period of women's underrepresentation in mathematics at this level.
She was involved in developing the close contact between Vassar College and IBM that led to the establishment of the first computer science lab at Vassar.


== Family ==
Asprey was born in Sioux City, Iowa; her parents were Gladys Brown Asprey, Vassar class of 1905, and Peter Asprey Jr.  She had two brothers, actinide and fluorine chemist Larned B. Asprey (1919–2005), a signer of the Szilárd petition, and military historian and writer Robert B. Asprey (1923–2009) who dedicated several of his books to his sister Winifred.


== Education and work ==
Asprey attended Vassar College in Poughkeepsie, New York, where she earned her undergraduate degree in 1938. As a student there, Asprey met Grace Hopper, the "First Lady of Computing," who taught mathematics at the time. After graduating, Asprey taught at several private schools in New York City and Chicago before going on to earn her MS and PhD degrees from the University of Iowa in 1942 and 1945, respectively. Her doctoral advisor was the topologist Edward Wilson Chittenden.Asprey returned to Vassar College as a professor. By then, Grace Hopper had moved to Philadelphia to work on UNIVAC (Universal Automatic Computer) project. Asprey became interested in computing and visited Hopper to learn about the foundations of computer architecture. Asprey believed that computers would be an essential part of a liberal arts education.
At Vassar, Asprey taught mathematics and computer science for 38 years and was the chair of the mathematics department from 1957 until her retirement in 1982.
She created the first Computer Science courses at Vassar, the first being taught in 1963, and secured funds for the college's first computer, making Vassar the second college in the nation to acquire an IBM System/360 computer in 1967.
Asprey connected with researchers at IBM and other research centers and lobbied for computer science at Vassar. In 1989, due to her contributions, the computer center she started was renamed the Asprey Advanced Computation Laboratory.


== References ==


== External links ==
Profile at Vassar College Innovators Gallery
Winifred Asprey Papers at Vassar College Archives and Special Collections LibraryOwen Astrachan is an American computer scientist and professor of the practice of computer science at Duke University where he is also the department's director of undergraduate studies. He is known for his work in curriculum development and methods of teaching computer science. He was one of the first National Science Foundation CISE Distinguished Education Fellows, and is a recipient of the ACM Outstanding Educator Award. He was the principal investigator on the multi-year NSF/College Board project that led to the release of the AP Computer Science Principles course and exam.


== Early life ==
Astrachan was born in New York City in 1956 to Gail Lovejoy and Anthony Astrachan. He has a younger brother, Joshua Astrachan.


== Education and early career ==
Astrachan graduated from Dartmouth College in 1978 with an AB degree in mathematics. He received a Master of Arts in Teaching from Duke in 1979, doing his initial teaching at Camp Lejeune High School, Camp Lejeune, North Carolina.From 1980 to 1985 he taught math and computer science at Durham Academy in Durham, North Carolina. During the summer of 1983 he attended a summer program for high school teachers at Carnegie Mellon University preparing to teach the new College Board AP Computer Science course. He joined the development team for the new exam.In 1985 Astrachan began graduate studies in computer science at Duke. His thesis work was with Donald W. Loveland on automated theorem proving. His teaching responsibilities included curricular development for the first computer science course for majors and the introductory computer science course for non-majors. He spent the summer of 1991 as a research assistant at SRI International in Menlo Park, California working on automated theorem proving with Mark E. Stickel. He received his MS from Duke in 1989 and his PhD in 1992.While a student in 1989 he became the Chief Reader for the AP Computer Science test with the Educational Testing Service, a position he held until 1994. For four years, from 1990 to 1993, he and other graduate students ran the first distributed, internet-based programming contest. It was inspired by the ACM International Collegiate Programming Contest but open to a wider range of students and required no travel, only access to email.


== Computer science education and curriculum development ==
In 1993 Astrachan joined the Duke faculty in the department of computer science as assistant professor of the practice of computer science. That fall he became the director of undergraduate studies. He changed the introductory computer science course to use C++ as the programming language and began writing an introductory textbook. The first edition of A Computer Science Tapestry: Exploring Programming and Computer Science with C++ was published in 1997 and was widely used. The second edition was published in 2000.Astrachan continued his work with the AP Computer Science Development Committee. He was part of the team developing the AP Computer Science AB and became the chief reader on that exam. Later he was a leader in the change of programming language from Pascal to C++ and again from C++ to Java. In 2007, he and Peter J. Denning were named NSF Computer and Information Science and Engineering Distinguished Education Fellows for "their outstanding efforts to revitalize undergraduate computing education in the United States."In 2008 Astrachan became the principal investigator for the joint NSF/College Board project to develop a new Advanced Placement (AP) course, AP Computer Science Principles and the continuing grant to complete the development of the AP CSP exam. The new course was designed to broaden participation in computing. The first courses began in Fall 2016 and the first exam was given in May 2017. Over 50,000 students took the exam, setting a record for the largest initial AP exam participation.In 2016 the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) awarded Astrachan its Karl V. Karlstrom Outstanding Educator Award for "three decades of innovative computer science pedagogy and inspirational community leadership in broadening the appeal of high school and introductory-level college computer science courses." The citation ended by quoting "Astrachan's Law" as an example of his approach to teaching: "never ask a student to use a computer to solve a problem that is more easily solved without it."


== Personal life ==
Astrachan is married to Laura Heyneman and has two children.


== Awards ==
2007 NSF CISE Distinguished Education Fellow
2013 ACM Distinguished Member
2016 ACM Karl V. Karlstrom Outstanding Educator Award


== References ==


== External links ==
Curriculum vitae
Duke faculty webpageMikhail Jibrayil (Mike) Atallah is a Lebanese American computer scientist, a distinguished professor of computer science at Purdue University.


== Biography ==
Atallah received his bachelor's degree from the American University of Beirut in 1975. He then moved to Johns Hopkins University for his graduate studies, earning a master's degree in 1980 and a Ph.D. in 1982 under the supervision of S. Rao Kosaraju. Since that time he has been a member of the Purdue University faculty.In 2001, Atallah co-founded Arxan Technologies, Inc., a provider of internet anti-piracy and anti-tampering software, and in 2007, he became its chief technology officer.


== Research ==
Atallah has published over 200 papers on topics in algorithms and computer security.Atallah's thesis work was on the subject of parallel algorithms, and he continued working in that area as a faculty member.
Algorithmic research by Atallah includes papers on parallel  and dynamic computational geometry, finding the symmetries of geometric figures, divide and conquer algorithms, and efficient parallel computations of the Levenshtein distance between pairs of strings. With his student Marina Blanton, Atallah is the editor of the Algorithms and Theory of Computation Handbook (CRC Press, 2nd ed., 2009, ISBN 978-1-58488-818-5).
Atallah's more recent research has been in the area of computer security. His work in this area has included techniques for text-based digital watermarking. and the addition of multiple guard points within software as an anti-piracy measure.


== Awards and honors ==
In 2006, Atallah was elected as a fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery for his "contributions to parallel and distributed computation". He has also been a fellow of the IEEE since 1997.


== References ==Isaac L. Auerbach (October 9, 1921 – December 24, 1992) was an early advocate and pioneer of computing technologies, holder of 15 patents, founding president of the International Federation for Information Processing (1960–1965), a member of the National Academy of Sciences, an executive at the Burroughs Corporation and a developer of first computers at Sperry Univac.
International Federation for Information Processing established Isaac L. Auerbach Award in his name.Auerbach was elected as a Distinguished Fellow of the British Computer Society in 1975 for his pioneering work in computing technologies.


== References ==Donna Auguste (born 1958) is an African-American businesswoman, entrepreneur, and philanthropist. She was the co-founder, along with colleague John Meier, and chief executive officer (CEO) of Freshwater Software from 1996 to 2000. Prior to founding Freshwater Software, Auguste was a senior engineering manager at Apple Computer who helped to coordinate the development of the Newton personal digital assistant (PDA). Additionally, she was the senior director for US West Advanced Technologies, whereabouts she met John Meier and began seriously thinking about the creation of Freshwater Software.In 2000, she sold Freshwater Software to Mercury Interactive Corp. for $147 million. In the same year, she was recognized as one of the "25 Women Who Are Making It Big in Small Business" by Fortune Magazine. She also won the 2001 Golden Torch Award for Outstanding Woman in Technology. After returning to academia for a Ph.D. with the University of Colorado Boulder, Auguste was awarded the "eminent engineer" designation from the nation's oldest engineering honor society, Tau Beta Pi.


== Early life and education ==
Donna Auguste was born in Texas but relocated to Louisiana and then to California where she attended college. She and her four sisters were raised by their mother. Since an early age, Auguste loved to tinker with household appliances. She would frequently take apart doorbells and disassemble other electrical appliances to understand the mechanics behind how they work.  After graduating from high school, she enrolled in the electrical engineering and computer science (EECS) program at the University of California, Berkeley where she overcame many obstacles to earn her undergraduate Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science. Attending a program with a high concentration of male peers, Auguste was frequently ostracized and devalued by her colleagues.Auguste went on to become the first African-American women to attend the PhD program at Carnegie-Mellon University.


== Career ==
While conducting research in applied science and artificial intelligence at Carnegie-Mellon University, Auguste interned at Xerox Corporation's Palo Alto Research Center and met the future founders of IntelliCorp.  Auguste was hired by IntelliCorp as a software engineer in 1986 to work on technology products that incorporated artificial intelligence.  After spending four years at IntelliCorp, Auguste took a break from work for two months to bike through Japan's countryside.  Upon her return, Auguste was hired by Apple Computer in 1990 to serve as lead software engineering manager for the Newton PDA development project.  While at Apple Computer, Auguste was well-liked and won praises for her managerial skills as well as technical contributions (she held various patents for her work on the Newton PDA).In 1996, Auguste relocated to Boulder, Colorado and joined U.S. West Advanced Technologies as senior director of multimedia systems engineering and development.  While working on interactive television applications for the company's fiber-optic broadband network, Auguste foresaw the potential of the internet and later launched her own company: Freshwater Software Inc., a provider of software solutions for maintaining and monitoring business-critical web applications.  Freshwater Software grew rapidly from a tiny start-up into a nationally recognized multimillion-dollar software provider which boasted Fortune 500 clients such as Alta Vista, IBM, Microsoft, Go.com, and Merrill Lynch.  Freshwater Software was later purchased by Mercury Interactive Corp. of California for $147 million in 2001.


== Personal life ==
Upon retiring after the sale of Freshwater Software, Auguste founded the Leave a Little Room Foundation, LLC, a philanthropic organization that helps provide housing, electricity, and vaccinations to poor and underprivileged communities around the world.In 2009, Auguste was awarded $750,000 from Santa Clara County as a settlement for winning a high-profile lawsuit stemming from questionable tactics used by the prosecutor from the district attorney's office in a criminal case where Auguste's  Colorado home was searched in connection with her nephew Damon Auguste's rape conviction which was later overturned. She is a Catholic and a member of Cure d'Ars Parish in Denver.


== Further reading ==
Liberman, Gail; Lavine, Alan (2002). More rags to riches : all new stories of how ordinary people achieved extraordinary wealth. Chicago, Ill.: Dearborn Trade Pub. ISBN 9780793145546.
Henderson, Ashyia N (2002). Contemporary Black biography. profiles from the international Black community Volume 29 Volume 29. Gale Research Inc. ISBN 9781414435572. OCLC 527366305.
"Donna Auguste". National Center for Women & Information Technology.


== References ==


== External links ==
Women Who Inspire Us
Donna Auguste Uses a MoleskineMarc Alan Auslander is an American computer scientist known for his contributions to the PL/8 compiler. He spent his entire career at the IBM Thomas J. Watson Research Center in Yorktown Heights, NY.
Auslander received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Mathematics from Princeton University in 1963. He joined IBM the same year. In 1991 he was named an IBM Fellow. He retired in 2004 but continues to be affiliated with IBM as a Fellow Emeritus.
In 1996, Auslander was elected to the National Academy of Engineering for contributions to reduced instruction set computing (RISC) systems. In 1999 he was named both ACM Fellow and IEEE Fellow, again for contributions to RISC.From 1970 to 1972 Auslander served as chairman of ACM SIGOPS. He has authored 19 scientific papers and holds 14 U.S. patents.


== References ==


== External links ==
Personal homepage at IBM
Publication list at DBLP
Marc Auslander on LinkedInHenriette Davidson Avram (October 7, 1919 – April 22, 2006) was a computer programmer and systems analyst who developed the MARC format (Machine Readable Cataloging), the international data standard for bibliographic and holdings information in libraries. Avram's development of the MARC format in the late 1960s and early 1970s at the Library of Congress had a revolutionizing effect on the practice of librarianship, making possible the automation of many library functions and the sharing of bibliographic information electronically between libraries using pre-existing cataloging standards.


== Early years ==
Henriette Regina Davidson was born in Manhattan on October 7, 1919, to a father who was a watch material distributor and a mother who was a Philadelphia Ledger reporter. Although she never intended to become a librarian, Henriette did spend many Saturdays of her childhood reading in neighborhood stores, which, at that time, housed mini-public libraries.Henriette Davidson dreamed of finding a cure for cancer, which was prevalent in her family. She therefore majored in pre-medicine at Hunter College. In 1941, she married Herbert Mois Avram, who was enlisted in the Navy. By the end of World War II, Herbert Avram was a decorated Lieutenant Commander who had been assigned to both the Atlantic and Pacific Theatres.
The Avrams had three children: Marcie, Lloyd, and Jay, and maintained residence in New York until 1951, when Herbert Avram took a job with the National Security Agency in Washington, D.C. Herbert Avram would also work for the CIA, eventually becoming a pioneer in the digital court reporting industry, which developed Closed Captions for television.


== Career beginnings ==
The couple moved first to Arlington, and later to Silver Spring. Once settled in Virginia, Avram left her life of homemaking behind.: 860  She began studying mathematics at George Washington University, and joined the NSA herself in 1952. Working with the IBM 701, she soon became one of the first computer programmers. Reminiscing about her time with the NSA, Avram said, "Learning programming in those days was ... a bootstrap operation. You were on your own with far less than perfect tools to learn from ... and the numbers of people that made it through to become programmers were few indeed. It was an exciting time.": 860 In the early sixties she moved to the private sector, working first with the American Research Bureau and later for a software company, Datatrol Corporation. Both jobs consisted of systems analysis and programming, but it was at Datatrol that Avram had her first professional experience with libraries. Asked to design a computer science library, she quickly read several library science text books in order to learn the appropriate jargon. She also hired a librarian to assist her in the design process. It was through this project that Avram was introduced to the Library of Congress Card Division Service. She also did consulting work with Frederick Kilgour, father of the Online Computer Library Center, on OCLC's first attempt at computerizing bibliographic information.: 860  In March 1965, Avram heard of an opening at the Library of Congress, and was hired as a systems analyst in the Office of the Information Systems Specialist.: 860 


== Library of Congress ==
Avram, considered a "librarian by achievement" by the American Library Association (ALA), owed much to the Library of Congress, about which she said, "... when I speak of and refer to it as 'the Great Library,' I do so with sincerity and appreciation for everything that I learned within those walls.": 73  Avram was often noted for her petite stature, New York accent, and indefatigable drive.: 67  : 856  : 861  She was also an adept leader. "She was able to foster a cooperative spirit among the computer specialists and librarians on her staff. In her typical fashion, she stepped into the world of libraries and learned libraries' problems, adopting them as her own.": 856 Her first assignment at the Library of Congress (LC) was to analyze cataloging data for computer processing. In keeping with her training at NSA, where she learned "the prime necessity of thoroughly understanding the subject before tackling the computer solution," Avram, along with two librarians, began this process by examining the information contained in a catalog record.: 72 A separate mathematical algorithm would be needed for each piece of information, and there were millions of items in the catalog, in hundreds of different languages. She also studied ALA rules and LC filing rules to learn all that she could about bibliographic control. When Avram had thoroughly examined every aspect of the bibliographic record, "she translated what she learned into a set of fields ... bearing a name (the tags), handling instructions (the indicators), and parts (the subfields)."Avram's title at LC changed to Assistant Coordinator of Information Systems in 1967. In this position, she continued to direct the MARC Pilot Project, which concluded in June 1968; she directed the MARC Distribution Service, which began in March 1969; and she began the RECON Pilot Project, which was never completed. The RECON Project was a plan to convert retrospective materials to MARC format. Because this project was not embraced by LC, retrospective conversion has taken place across the country, rather than as a nationwide coordinated effort. Avram said, "This failure has severely impacted all libraries.": 861  She also called lack of support for RECON the "single most disappointing experience" of her career.: 74 Avram became a part of the development of the International Standard for Bibliographic Description for Monograph Publications (ISBD(M)) when she attended an International Meeting of Cataloguing Experts sponsored by the International Federation of Library Association (IFLA) in 1969. A year later, Avram became Chief of MARC Development Office at LC. She continued to head the MARC and RECON projects, but was also responsible for all of the automation involved with LC's processing activities. Her duties further expanded when she became the Director of the Network Development Office in 1976. She was then in charge of coordinating library networking and bibliographic resources and standards at both the national and international levels. In addition, she became chair of the LC Network Advisory Committee, a position which she held for over a decade.: 857  At this time she was also chair of the IFLA Working Group on Content Designators, which used the ISBD to develop the international version of MARC format known as UNIMARC.
By 1980 Avram was directing a staff of seven hundred in the Processing Department of LC. In her position as the first Director for Processing Systems, Networks and Automation Planning, she was responsible for networking, automation activities, and bibliographic products and services. When Avram became the Assistant Librarian for Processing Services three years later, her staff doubled. She was now in charge of cataloging, acquisitions, overseas operations, and development of networking and automation planning. This position lasted for six years. In speaking of her decision to remain with LC, despite other, more lucrative opportunities, Avram said, "I stayed because I loved the place, the people, and the challenge.": 861  When she retired from LC in 1992, Avram was the Associate Librarian for Collections Services. Her staff of seventeen hundred was responsible for acquisitions, cataloging, preservation, collection development, overseas operations, network and automation planning, and processing and servicing special format materials.


== MARC ==
MARC, MAchine-Readable Cataloging, is the method by which paper-and-ink card catalogs were converted to computer catalogs. This automated library systems, in turn greatly enhancing the feasibility of interlibrary lending and paving the way for networking capabilities.: 69  Avram was a key figure in the revolution of librarianship into information science.MARC, in her words, is "an assemblage of formats, publications, procedures, people, standards, systems, equipment, etc., that has evolved over the years stimulating the development of library automation and information networks ... nationally and internationally.": 73–74  MARC has had many incarnations through the years, from the initial Planning Memorandum Number Three, which resulted from that first catalog card analysis at LC, to MARC 1 (as the format was subsequently named after the MARC Pilot System, November 1966-October 1967), and eventually to MARC 21, the format that is used today. Avram is the author of the book, MARC, its history and implications, published by the Library of Congress in 1975.In order to ensure that MARC would be adopted nationwide, she worked with the American Library Association and the American National Standards Institute to make it a national standard.: 69–70  Not content with earning the national standard in 1971, Avram continued lobbying until MARC became an International Organization for Standardization standard in 1973. Largely due to her efforts, MARC is now used as the basis for library automation and bibliographic communication throughout the world.: 857  Avram was also one of the original planners of the Linked Systems Project. In this role, she was "tireless in spreading the gospel of using international standards to link databases housed on disparate computer systems.": 859  Though she never intended to be a librarian, Avram became a "towering figure in library automation and bibliographic control.": 855 


== Retirement ==
After retirement, Avram and her husband moved to California, Maryland.: 861  The couple remained active through St. Mary's College, where Henriette often arranged for Library of Congress officials to be guest speakers.
After Herbert, her husband of sixty-four years, died in their home on January 15, 2006, Henriette relocated to Florida. She died of cancer at Miami's Baptist Hospital on April 22, just three months after the death of her husband. She was 86 years old. Avram once said,

I'd like to be remembered as a good manager, as having done something that was significant in this world, of service to others.
Her energetic, diplomatic leadership and remarkable contribution to automation and bibliographic control are proof that she achieved this goal.: 861 Though proud of her accomplishments, Avram's famous drive never quit. "We must not sit back and be satisfied, though," she said, "there is much more to do.": 860 


== Awards and honors ==
1971 Margaret Mann Citation in Cataloging and Classification from the American Library Association
1974 Federal Women's Award
1977 Honorary Doctorate of Science from Southern Illinois University
1979 Academic/Research Librarian of the Year from the Association of College and Research Libraries
1980 Achievement in Library and Information Technology Award from Library and Information Technology Association
1981 Melvil Dewey Medal from the American Library Association
1986 Appreciation Award from the National Central Library of Taipei, Taiwan
1987 Honorary Fellow of the International Federation of Library Associations and Institutions
1988 Joseph W. Lippincott Award
1989 Distinguished Executive Service Award from the Senior Executives Association Professional Development League
1989 National Information Standards Organization Fellow
1990 John Ames Humphrey/Forest Press Award
1990 Professional Award from the Special Libraries Association
1991 Honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters from Rochester Institute of Technology
1992 Distinguished Service Award from the Library of Congress
1992 Meritorious Service Award from the American National Standards Institute
1993 Honorary Doctorate of Science from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
1997 Honorary Life Membership in the American Library Association


== References ==


== Further reading ==
Fineberg, G.M. (1992). Portrait of a pioneer: Henriette Avram left indelible mark on library profession. Library of Congress Information Bulletin, 51, 99-104.
Grinstein, L.S., & Yarmish, R. (1990). Selected published work of Henriette Davidson Avram: An annotated bibliography. Information Technology and Libraries, 9, 7-32.
Hillmann, Diane I. "Taking a Fresh Look at Standards and Conformity." Technicalities. November/December 2006.
Library of Congress-Network Development and MARC Standards Office. "MARC Standards." Library of Congress.  (accessed March 21, 2008).
Listing of items either authored or edited by Henriette Avram and held at the Library of CongressBaruch Awerbuch (born 1958) is an Israeli-American computer scientist and a professor of computer science at Johns Hopkins University. He is known for his research on distributed computing.


== Academic biography ==
Awerbuch was educated at the Technion in Haifa, Israel, earning a bachelor's degree in 1978, a master's degree in 1982, and a Ph.D. in 1984 under the supervision of Shimon Even. He worked at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology as a postdoctoral researcher, faculty member in applied mathematics, and research associate in computer science from 1984 until 1994, when he joined the Johns Hopkins faculty.Awerbuch's former doctoral students include UCSD professor George Varghese.


== Research contributions ==
Awerbuch has published many highly cited research papers on topics including

Cryptographic primitives for verifiable secret sharing and fault tolerant broadcasting
Synchronization of asynchronous distributed systems
Network routing methods that are both fault-tolerant and have a highly competitive throughput


== Awards and honors ==
Awerbuch and David Peleg were the 2008 winners of the Edsger W. Dijkstra Prize in Distributed Computing for their work on sparse partitions.


== References ==


== External links ==
Home page at Johns Hopkins
Baruch Awerbuch at DBLP Bibliography ServerAshar Aziz (Urdu: اشعر عزیز; born 1959) is a Pakistani-American electrical engineer, business executive and philanthropist. He is best known as the founder of Silicon Valley-based cybersecurity company FireEye.A former billionaire, Aziz had an estimated net worth of over $233 million as of 2015.


== Early life and education ==
Aziz was born in Karachi in 1959 and grew up in Islamabad, Pakistan. He arrived in the United States as a student, having gained admission into the Massachusetts Institute of Technology School of Engineering (MIT). Prior to entering MIT, he completed two years of foundation studies at the Middle East Technical University (METU) in Turkey during the mid-1970s. He graduated from MIT with a Bachelor of Science in electrical engineering in 1981, followed by a Master of Science in computer science from the University of California, Berkeley, where he was also granted a Regents' Fellowship.


== Career ==
Aziz worked as an engineer at Sun Microsystems for twelve years, specialising in networking, network security and system design. He also served as chief technology officer of the N1 program at Sun. In 1999, he founded his first startup company Terraspring Inc., which focused on data center automization and virtualization. The business was bought by Sun Microsystems in 2002, following the stock market crash of 2001.At around the same time, Aziz began studying the risks stemming from highly stealthy and self-propagating malware systems, and the threats they posed to future cybersecurity infrastructures – a problem he first discovered in the U.S. Department of Defense archives. In 2004, he founded FireEye, having become convinced that he could provide the solutions to these emerging cybersecurity challenges. He initially worked out of his home for 80 to 100 hours a week, with only $4,000 in his personal savings. Initially, most of his technical team comprised engineers and technology professionals he knew from his previous startup. Based in Milpitas, California, the company today provides both software and cloud-based anti-malware products. According to the MIT Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, "the core of the FireEye platform is a virtual execution engine, complemented by dynamic threat intelligence, to identify and block cyber attacks in real time and across the different stages of an attack life cycle." Describing FireEye in 2012, Aziz stated that the company's objective was to strengthen the "security and key infrastructure that is pervasive across financial, government and credit card infrastructure to protect from three very important threats: crime, espionage, and warfare." Aziz served as FireEye's chief executive officer from 2004 to 2012, as well as remaining its chief strategy officer, chief technology officer and board vice chairman.
Before you even have an idea, think about how you construct it – backwards – from the problem. Once you have reverse engineered the solution, you have to validate it with a potential customer.
In December 2012, Aziz stepped down as CEO and former McAfee CEO David DeWalt was appointed to the position. DeWalt was recruited in order to prepare the company for an initial public offering (IPO). The following year, FireEye raised an additional $50 million in venture capital, bringing its total funding to $85 million. In September 2013, FireEye went public, raising $300 million. Aziz's shares in FireEye skyrocketed as the company acquired an asset valuation of over US$1 billion. According to Forbes, he owned 11 million shares in the company and his personal net worth had increased to just over US$1 billion. However, the Business Insider explained the appreciation in Aziz's net worth was temporary due to the high fluctations in share prices, dropping his stake worth to under $1 billion once prices dropped. According to The Wall Street Journal, FireEye was the second-best performing firm in the U.S. that went public in 2013. Aziz was inducted into the Forbes' list of billionaires for 2014.As the inventor of FireEye's malware protection system, Aziz currently holds over 80 patents relating to various cybersecurity technologies, including in the fields of network security, cryptography, and data center virtualization. He is recognised as the technical visionary and pioneer behind FireEye's core technology. In August 2016, it was announced that Aziz had tendered his resignation from FireEye in order to spend more time with his family, and focus on solar energy distribution projects in developing countries. A partner of FireEye described the news as "disconcerting" for FireEye's future and its workforce, and predicted his exit would accelerate discussions on a potential sale of the company. However, a FireEye source dismissed this notion, stating the company would operate under its new CEO and continue to provide solutions using its multi-vector virtual execution (MVX) technology. The source also clarified that Aziz felt he was leaving the company in "good hands", and that he was still a shareholder in FireEye.


== Philanthropy ==
Aziz is the founding CEO of SkyElectric Inc., a company which seeks to provide affordable and sustainable solar energy solutions. In February 2017, he pitched solar energy as the solution to Pakistan's electricity crisis and launched his company's operations in the country.He is a member of the board of governors of Namal Institute, founded by Imran Khan. In January 2020, he inaugurated the Nisar Aziz Agri-Tech Center at Namal Institute at Namal. Named after his mother, the center would assist in the development of a "robust agricultural economy through technology" by promoting low-cost agricultural practices, and providing agricultural education to farmers in Pakistan.


== Personal life ==
Aziz's father, Asghar Butt, was a journalist, writer and playwright, who served as the deputy editor of the Pakistani broadsheet The Nation. His father died aged 91 at his hometown Lahore, Punjab, on 13 November 2012. Aziz's mother, Nisar Aziz, was an eminent Urdu novelist and literary figure who belonged to a Pashtun family from Mardan. She died aged 93 on 7 February 2020. The economist and politician Sartaj Aziz is his maternal uncle. The Nation's editor-in-chief, Majid Nizami, was his father's brother-in-law and thus his uncle. Ashar has one brother, Ahmar Aziz Butt, who is a doctor.Aziz is a recipient of the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year Award. In 2018, he was presented the civil award Sitara-i-Imtiaz by the government of Pakistan for his contributions to the IT industry.


== References ==Rebecca "Becky" Gurley Bace (1955–2017) was an American computer security expert and pioneer in intrusion detection. She spent 12 years at the US National Security Agency  where she created the Computer Misuse and Anomaly Detection
(CMAD) research program. She was known as the "den mother of computer security". She was also influential in the early stages of intelligence community venture capital and was a major player in Silicon Valley investments in cyber security technology.


== Early life and education ==
Bace grew up in rural Alabama as one of seven children and was diagnosed with epilepsy in adolescence. Her mother was a war bride from Japan following World War II and her father was a self-educated teamster from Alabama. Due to prevailing attitudes about the illness and about women, her neurologist suggested that she stay home and collect disability following high school. She credited a local librarian and family friend, Bertha Nel Allen, for the encouragement to apply for college and scholarships. She won scholarships from charitable foundations set up by Betty Crocker and Jimmy Hoffa in her senior year of high school, and in 1973 she was accepted to the University of Alabama at Birmingham as the only woman in engineering. Because of financial hardship and frequent employment interruptions, she took eight years of classes at various schools to earn her degree. Bace first became interested in computing during her freshman year working with punch cards programming Fortran and COBOL on an IBM mainframe and got her first engineering job while teaching at an engineering lab. She was approached by a couple of Xerox technicians who needed to fill affirmative action requirements, and accepted a job as a specialist repairing copier machines. Of the experience she stated that she faced significant gender and racial bias, and that "sometimes customers would raise a ruckus for having to deal with [her] because they believed they had been given "second best" when [she] showed up, even though [she] was better educated than most of the men."


== Career ==
After graduation in 1984, Bace started working at the NSA, and while searching for a flexible job to allow her to care for her autistic son who was later diagnosed with leukemia, she took an assignment in 1989 in the National Computer Security Center. The NCSC was chartered as part of the NSA expressly to deal with computer security issues for the Department of Defense and the intelligence community. Bace served as program manager for intrusion detection research, specifically on transferring research into the relatively new commercial security products market. She played a pivotal role in the apprehension of Kevin Mitnick, proving that trace back and capture were possible beyond the theoretical context. She also provided some of the seed funding for computer security labs at UC Davis and Purdue University.Following the death of her son, Bace went to serve as the deputy security officer at Los Alamos National Laboratory in the Computing, Information and Communications Division. She left Los Alamos in 1998 and started Infidel, Inc., a security consulting company. In 2002, she signed on as a venture capital consultant at Trident Capital in Silicon Valley. Bace also briefly served as Technical VP of the Cyber Security Practice for In-Q-Tel, the investment arm of the US Intelligence Community, and before her death she served as chief strategist for the Center for Forensics, Information Technology, and Security (CFITS) at the University of South Alabama. As a venture capitalist, she provided expert advice to a generation of security startups, including Qualys, Sygate, iRobot, Arxan Technologies, HyTrust, and Neohapsis.


== Legacy ==
Multiple awards have been established in Bace's memory including the Rebecca Bace Pioneer Award for Defensive Security and the Rebecca Gurley Bace SWSIS Scholarship.


== Books ==
Bace, Rebecca Gurley (2000). Intrusion Detection. Indianapolis, IN: Macmillan Technical. ISBN 1578701856.
Smith, Fred Chris; Bace, Rebecca Gurley (2003). A Guide to Forensic Testimony: The Art and Practice of Presenting Testimony as an Expert Technical Witness. Boston, MA: Addison-Wesley. ISBN 0201752794.


== References ==


== External references ==
Computer Security History Interview
Podcast InterviewEric Bach is an American computer scientist who has made contributions to computational number theory.
Bach completed his undergraduate studies at the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, and got his Ph.D. in computer science from the University of California, Berkeley, in 1984  under the supervision of Manuel Blum. He is currently a professor at the Computer Science Department, University of Wisconsin–Madison.
Among other work, he gave explicit bounds for the Chebotarev density theorem which imply that if one assumes the generalized Riemann hypothesis then  
  
    
      
        
          
            (
            
              
                Z
              
              
                /
              
              n
              
                Z
              
            
            )
          
          
            ∗
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle \left(\mathbb {Z} /n\mathbb {Z} \right)^{*}}
   is generated by its elements smaller than  2(log n)2. This result shows that the generalized Riemann hypothesis implies tight bounds for the necessary run-time of the deterministic version of the Miller–Rabin primality test. Bach also did some of the first work on pinning down the actual expected run-time of the Pollard rho method where previous work relied on heuristic estimates and empirical data. He is the namesake of Bach's algorithm for generating random factored numbers.


== References ==Charles William Bachman III (December 11, 1924 – July 13, 2017) was an American computer scientist, who spent his entire career as an industrial researcher, developer, and manager rather than in academia. He was particularly known for his work in the early development of database management systems.
His techniques of layered architecture include his namesake Bachman diagrams.


== Biography ==
Charles Bachman was born in Manhattan, Kansas, in 1924, where his father, Charles Bachman Jr., was the head football coach at Kansas State College.  He attended high school in East Lansing, Michigan, where his father served as head football coach at Michigan State College from 1933-1946.
In World War II he joined the United States Army and spent March 1944 through February 1946 in the South West Pacific Theater serving in the Anti-Aircraft Artillery Corps in New Guinea, Australia, and the Philippine Islands. There he was first exposed to and used fire control computers for aiming 90 mm guns.After his discharge in 1946 he attended Michigan State College and graduated in 1948 with a bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering, where he was a member of Tau Beta Pi.
In mid-1949 he married Connie Hadley.
He then attended the University of Pennsylvania.  In 1950, he graduated with a master's degree in mechanical engineering, and had also completed three-quarters of the  requirements for an MBA from the university's Wharton School of Business.Bachman died on July 13, 2017, at his home in Lexington, Massachusetts, of Parkinson's disease at the age of 92.


== Work ==
Bachman spent his entire career as a practicing software engineer or manager in industry rather than in academia.
In 1950 he started working at Dow Chemical in Midland, Michigan.
In 1957 he became Dow's first data processing manager. He worked with the IBM user group SHARE on developing a new version of  report generator software, which became known as 9PAC. However, the planned IBM 709 order was cancelled before it arrived.
In 1960 he joined General Electric, where by 1963 he developed the Integrated Data Store (IDS), one of the first database management systems using what came to be known as the navigational database model, in the Manufacturing Information And Control System (MIACS) product.
Working for customer Weyerhaeuser Lumber, he developed the first multiprogramming network access to the IDS database, an early online transaction processing system called WEYCOS in 1965.
Later at GE he developed the "dataBasic" product that offered database support to Basic language timesharing users.
In 1970, GE sold its computer business to Honeywell Information Systems, so he and his family moved from Phoenix, Arizona to Lexington, Massachusetts. In 1981, he joined a smaller firm, Cullinane Information Systems (later Cullinet), which offered a version of IDS that was called IDMS and supported IBM mainframes.


=== Bachman Information Systems ===
In 1983, he founded Bachman Information Systems, which developed a line of computer-aided software engineering (CASE) products.  The centerpiece of these products was the BACHMAN/Data Analyst, which provided graphic support to the creation and maintenance of Bachman Diagrams.  It was featured in IBM's Reengineering Cycle marketing program, combining:

the reverse engineering of obsolete mainframe databases,
data modeling,
forward engineering to new physical databases, and
optimization of physical database designs for performance and DBMS specifics.In 1991 Bachman Information Systems had their initial public offering, trading on the NASDAQ with the symbol BACH. After reaching a high of $37.75 in February 1992, the price hit $1.75 in 1995.
In 1996, his company merged with Cadre Technology to form Cayenne Software.
He served as president of the combined company for a year, and then retired to Tucson, Arizona. He continued to serve as chairman of the board of Cayenne, which was acquired by Sterling Software in 1998.


== Awards ==
Bachman received the Turing Award from the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) in 1973 for "his outstanding contributions to database technology".
He was elected as a Distinguished Fellow of the British Computer Society in 1977 for his pioneering work in database systems.
In 2012, Bachman was awarded a National Medal of Technology and Innovation "for fundamental inventions in database management, transaction processing, and software engineering."
He was named an ACM Fellow in 2014 “For contributions to database technology, notably the integrated data store”. 
In 2015, he was made a Fellow  of the Computer History Museum for his early work on developing database systems.


== Publications ==
Bachman published dozens of publications and papers. A selection:

1962. "Precedence Diagrams: The Key to Production Planning, Scheduling and Control." In: ProCo Features. Supplement No 24, August 24. .
1965. "Integrated Data Store." in: DPMA Quarterly, January 1965.
1969. "Software for Random Access Processing." in: Datamation April 1965.
1969. "Data Structure Diagrams." in: DataBase: A Quarterly Newsletter of SIGBDP. vol. 1, no. 2, Summer 1969.
1972. "Architecture Definition Technique: Its Objectives, Theory, Process, Facilities, and Practice." co-authored with J. Bouvard. in: Data Description, Access and Control: Proceedings of the 1972 ACM-SIGFIDET Workshop, November 29-December 1, 1972.
1972. "The Evolution of Storage Structures." In: Communications of the ACM vol. 15, no. 7, July 1972.
1972-73. "Set Concept for Data Structure." In: Encyclopedia of Computer Science, 1972-1973.
1973. "The Programmer as Navigator." 1973 ACM Turing Award lecture. In: Communications of the ACM vol. 16, no. 11, November 1973. (pdf)
1974. "Implementation Techniques for Data Structure Sets." In: Data Base Management Systems, 1974.
1977. "Why Restrict the Modeling Capability of Codasyl Data Structure Sets?" In: National Computer Conference vol. 46, 1977.
1978. "Commentary on the CODASYL Systems Committee's Interim Report on Distributed Database Technology." National Computer Conference vol. 47, 1978.
1978. "DDP Will Be Infinitely Affected, So Managers Beware!" in: DM, March 1978.
1980. "The Impact of Structured Data Throughout Computer-Based Information Systems." In: Information Processing 80, 1980.
1980. "The Role Data Model Approach to Data Structures." In; International Conference on Data Bases, March 24, 1980.
1982. "Toward a More Complete Reference Model of Computer-Based Information Systems." Co-authored with Ronald G. Ross. In: Computers and Standards 1, 1982.
1983. "The Structuring Capabilities of the Molecular Data Model." In; Entity-Relationship Approach to Software Engineering. C. G. Davis, S. Jajodia, and R. T. Yeh. eds. June 1983.
1987. "A Case for Adaptable Programming." In: Logic vol. 2, no. 1, Spring 1987.
1989. "A Personal Chronicle: Creating Better Information Systems, with Some Guiding Principles." In: IEEE Transactions on Knowledge and Data Engineering vol. 1, no. 1, March 1989.After his retirement, Bachman volunteered to help record the history of early software development.
In 2002 he gave a lecture at the Computer History Museum on assembling the Integrated Data Store,
and an oral history for the ACM in 2004.
Bachman papers from 1951 to 2007 are available from the Charles Babbage Institute at the University of Minnesota.
In 2011, he contributed an oral history to the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers.


== See also ==
Bachman diagram
Navigational database


== References ==David Bacon is an American computer programmer.


== Career ==
Bacon began working as a programmer at age 16 and worked for a startup during his senior year of high school. At Columbia College, Columbia University, he worked first with David E. Shaw on the
NON-VON supercomputer, and then on network algorithms and simulation with Yechiam Yemini, creating the NEST Network Simulator,
which served as the basis for a number of other network simulators including Cornell's REAL and thence LBL's ns simulator.
Bacon spent most of his career at IBM's Thomas J. Watson Research Center, starting as a programmer in 1985 working on the Hermes distributed programming language, and eventually becoming a Principal Research Staff Member.
He took a sabbatical in 2009 as a visiting professor of computer science at Harvard.In 2015 he joined Google, working on the Spanner distributed database system.
Much of his work has focused on garbage collection.
In 2009 he was inducted as an ACM Fellow
"for contributions to real-time systems and to object-oriented language design and implementation".His work on the Metronome hard real-time tracing garbage collector became the basis for the IBM WebSphere Real Time Java virtual machine, which was used in the software for the Navy's DDG 1000 Destroyer. The original research was subsequently selected for the 2013 Most Influential Paper Award of the Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages.His work on garbage collecting cyclic structures in reference counted systems has been used in a number of scripting languages,
including PHP.In 2013 he published the first garbage collector implemented completely in
hardware,
which was selected as an ACM Research Highlight.In addition to garbage collection, his work has focused on the implementation of concurrent and object-oriented languages. His thesis work on Rapid Type Analysis (RTA)
has been used in many compilers and analysis frameworks to construct call graphs for object-oriented languages, including Soot and Go. In 2004, his work on high-performance locking for Java appeared on the list of the 50 most influential PLDI papers of all time.


== References ==


== External links ==
Author profile on Google scholar
List of publications on DBLP
List of patentsDavid A. Bader (born May 4, 1969) is a Distinguished Professor and Director of the Institute for Data Science at the New Jersey Institute of Technology.  Previously, he served as the Chair of the Georgia Institute of Technology School of Computational Science & Engineering, where he was also a founding professor, and the executive director of High-Performance Computing at the Georgia Tech College of Computing. In 2007, he was named the first director of the Sony Toshiba IBM Center of Competence for the Cell Processor at Georgia Tech. Bader has served on the Computing Research Association's Board of Directors, the National Science Foundation's Advisory Committee on Cyberinfrastructure, and on the IEEE Computer Society's Board of Governors. He is an expert in the design and analysis of parallel and multicore algorithms for real-world applications such as those in cybersecurity and computational biology. His main areas of research are at the intersection of high-performance computing and real-world applications, including cybersecurity, massive-scale analytics, and computational genomics. Bader built the first Linux supercomputer using commodity processors and a high-speed interconnection network.Bader is an IEEE Fellow, an AAAS Fellow,, SIAM Fellow, and an  ACM Fellow. He has won awards from IBM, Microsoft Research, Nvidia, Facebook, Intel, Accenture, and Sony. He has served on numerous conference program committees related to parallel processing and has edited numerous journals. In 2018, Bader was recognized as one of the most impactful authors in the history of the IEEE International Conference on High-Performance Computing, Data, and Analytics (HiPC).


== Early life ==
Bader is the son of chemistry professor Morris Bader and his wife Karen. He is an Eagle Scout in the Boy Scouts of America, receiving this designation in 1985. Bader graduated from Liberty High School in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania in 1987. He received a B.S. in computer engineering in 1990 and an M.S. in electrical engineering in 1991 from Lehigh University in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania. He then received a Ph.D. in electrical engineering in 1996 from the University of Maryland, College Park. While at UMD in 1992, Bader was awarded a NASA Graduate Student Researchers Fellowship by Gerald Soffen, project scientist for the Viking missions to Mars, at Goddard Space Flight Center.


== Career ==
Bader was hired as an assistant professor and Regents' Lecturer in the electrical and computer engineering department at The University of New Mexico in 1998. In 2003, he was elected chair of the IEEE Computer Society's technical committee on parallel processing. Bader remained at UNM until 2005, when he accepted a position with the College of Computing at Georgia Tech. Shortly after arriving at Georgia Tech, Bader began working, along with several other faculty members, to establish a School of Computational Science and Engineering at Georgia Tech. Two years later, in 2007, these efforts resulted in the school's establishment as an official academic unit, and Bader became a full professor in 2008 as one of the school's founding faculty. Richard M. Fujimoto was named the school's first chair, and Bader was later named the second chair of the school of CSE in July 2014. He served in that role until his term expired in June 2019.Bader was involved in a number of research partnerships between Georgia Tech and the public and private sectors. In November 2006, Sony, Toshiba, and IBM selected Bader to direct the first Center of Competence for the Cell Processor. In 2010, Bader was a lead investigator on the Nvidia Echelon project, a $25 million DARPA Award through the Ubiquitous High Performance Computing (UHPC) program. The four-year research collaboration with Nvidia covered work to develop new GPU technologies required to build the new class of exascale supercomputers. Bader and his lab partnered with Nvidia again in April 2019 to develop data analytics solutions for their GPUs.In 2011, Bader began working with the Georgia Tech Research Institute on the Proactive Discovery of Insider Threats Using Graph Analysis and Learning (PRODIGAL) project. On July 29, 2015, President Barack Obama announced the National Strategic Computing Initiative (NSCI). Bader was invited by the White House on October 20–21, 2015, to serve as a panelist at the White House's National Strategic Computing Initiative (NSCI) Workshop.  Following this, the White House's Office of Science and Technology Policy (OSTP) invited Bader to serve as a panelist at the NITRD High End Computing (HEC) Interagency Working Group (IWG) and Big Data Senior Steering Group (SSG) "Supercomputing and Big Data: From Collision to Convergence" Panel, at the 27th IEEE and ACM Supercomputing Conference (SC15), Austin, TX, November 18, 2015. On July 29, 2016, Bader was an invited attendee to the White House's National Strategic Computing Initiative (NSCI) Anniversary Workshop. Bader also co-founded the Graph500 List in 2015 for benchmarking "Big Data" computing platforms.Bader was elected as an IEEE Fellow in 2009. He served as the Editor-in-Chief of the IEEE Transactions on Parallel and Distributed Systems (TPDS), from 2013 to 2017 and serves as an Associate Editor-in-Chief of the Journal of Parallel and Distributed Computing (JPDC). Bader has been an associate editor of IEEE Transactions on Parallel and Distributed Systems, IEEE DSOnline, Parallel Computing, and the ACM Journal of Experimental Algorithmics, and has published over 250 articles in peer reviewed journals and conferences. In October 2018, Bader was named Editor-in-Chief of ACM Transactions.In July 2019, Bader joined the New Jersey Institute of Technology as a Distinguished Professor in the Ying Wu College of Computing Sciences and was named the first director of the school's new Institute for Data Science. The institute combines existing research centers in big data, medical informatics, and cybersecurity at NJIT and conducts both basic and applied research. In May 2020, Bader joined the leadership team of the NSF-sponsored Northeast Big Data Innovation Hub as its inaugural seed fund steering committee chair.Bader is the 2021 General Co-chair of the IEEE International Symposium on Parallel and Distributed Computing Symposium (IPDPS).


== Awards and recognitions ==
2005

NSF CAREER Award2006

IBM Faculty Award for making fundamental contributions to the design and optimization of parallel scientific libraries for multicore processors.2007

Georgia Tech College of Computing Dean's Award2009

IEEE Fellow2010

In June 2010, Intel supported Bader's research on graph analytics with a 3-year award from the Intel Labs Academic Research Office for the Parallel Algorithms for Non-Numeric Computing Program.
Golden Core Member of the IEEE Computer Society
IEEE Computer Society Meritorious Service Award2011

AAAS Fellow
InsideHPC "Rock Star of High Performance Computing"2012

HPCWire "People to Watch"
University of Maryland's Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering presented Bader as the first recipient of their Distinguished Alumni Award.2013

IEEE Computer Society's Technical Committee on Parallel Processing Outstanding Service Award2014

Georgia Tech College of Computing Outstanding Senior Faculty Research Award
HPCWire "People to Watch"2015

Accenture Open Innovation Award.2016

IBM Faculty Award in Big Data / Analytics for optimizing graph analytics for cognitive computing.2019

SIAM Fellow
Facebook AI System Hardware/Software Co-Design Research Award to develop "high-performance AI solutions for existing as well as future AI hardware."2021

ROI-NJ recognized Bader on its inaugural list of technology influencers.
IEEE Computer Society Sidney Fernbach Award "For the development of Linux-based massively parallel production computers and for pioneering contributions to scalable discrete parallel algorithms for real-world applications."
ACM Fellow "For contributions to high-performance computing systems, graph analytics, and technical leadership in parallel computing."


== Personal life ==
Bader has one child, Sadie "Sage" Rose, who is an avid artist.


== References ==


== External links ==
David Bader's New Jersey Institute of Technology websiteRonald Baecker (born October 7, 1942) is an Emeritus Professor of Computer Science and Bell Chair in Human-Computer Interaction at the University of Toronto (U of T). He was the co-founder of the Dynamic Graphics Project, and is the founder of the Knowledge Media Design Institute (KMDI) and the Technologies for Aging Gracefully Lab (TAGlab). He is the author of Computers and Society: Modern Perspectives, published by Oxford University Press in 2019.


== Summary of research interests ==
Dr. Baecker is an expert in human-computer interaction (HCI), user interface (UI) design, software visualization, multimedia, computer-supported cooperative work and learning, and entrepreneurship in the software industry.From 1966 through 1969, Dr. Baecker developed the first comprehensive conceptual framework for computer animation on Genesys, a foundational computer animation system that he himself designed and built at the MIT Lincoln Laboratory. This work helped launch the field of computer animation. He also developed Smalltalk, a novel computer animation system for children, at the Xerox Palo Alto Research Center in 1974 and worked on interactive computer graphics and guided the realization and testing of the animated icon from 1988 through 1990.Continuing on his work on software visualization, between 1973 and 1981, he produced the film Sorting Out Sorting – a seminal piece elucidating the potential of computer animation and behavior that propelled the field of algorithm animation. In addition to the film, Dr. Baecker and his colleagues presented a systematic and comprehensive new approach to enhancing the presentation of computer program source using graphic design principles (1982–88), formulated conceptual frameworks for software visualization (1981–92), and constructed powerful yet unobtrusive systems for the visualization of programs in particular programming languages, and then applied it to the LOGO system(1988–94).From the 1990s through the 2010s, he created two innovative collaborative multimedia technologies. His team was the first group to employ hierarchically structured multimedia for the interactive authoring of digital video and other dynamic visual presentations, and the first to apply such a system to the creation of materials for software support and training. Additionally, his team worked on the use of highly interactive webcasting with structured rich media archives as the ePresence Interactive Media environment for collaborative learning.Furthermore, Dr. Baecker founded TAGlab to research the design of technologies for aging gracefully and was a founding researcher in AGE-WELL, Canada's Technology and Aging research network. This research is primarily focused on increasing computer literacy among seniors and using technology to help individuals work better and be safer. His current research has been centered on envisioning, designing, building, and evaluating technological aids intended for individuals with Alzheimer's disease, mild cognitive impairment, amnesia, vision loss, and stroke, and the natural consequences of aging.
Systems built include the development of online social gaming environments for seniors, online brain fitness environments, mobile phone software to help individuals with communication challenges to speak, e-book software to help people with visual or motor impairments to read, digital communicating picture frame technology to help connect individuals who are isolated and lonely to family and friends, and a thanatosensitive design of web portals to support individuals who are grieving.


== Early life ==
Dr. Baecker was born in Kenosha, Wisconsin on October 7, 1942. When he was four, his family moved to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. His scientific career got off to an early start, when, in April 1958, he was awarded third prize in the American Chemical Society Chemistry test (Pittsburgh Section). He went on to win several other science honors while at Taylor Allderdice High School, including attending the Westinghouse Science Honors Institute (October 1958 to April 1959), and the Sun-Telegraph, Pittsburgh and Allegheny Count High Schools Scholastic Award in Science (1959).
In 1960, he began work as a summer research assistant at Koppers Company Research Labs. He was awarded a B.S. degree in Physics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in 1963 and received an M.S. degree in the then burgeoning field of Electrical Engineering, again from MIT in 1964. At the end of 1964, he traveled to the University of Heidelberg in Germany to further his studies in applied mathematics where he stayed until July 1965. He returned to his alma mater to study Computer Science at MIT's Department of Electrical Engineering and received his Ph.D. in June 1969.


== Professional career ==


=== Entrepreneurial and management experience ===
Dr. Baecker has started five software companies, three of which he led as founding CEO. 
His first start-up, Human Computing Resources, later renamed to HCR Corporation, was founded in 1976 with an investment of $11,000 and eventually became a multi-million dollar world-class UNIX systems software firm. In 1990, it was sold the Santa Cruz Operation (SCO) and continued as SCO Canada until early 1996.
His second venture, Expresto Software Corporation attempted to commercialize video authoring and publishing technology; in 2002, it was sold to a shareholder. Following the dissolution of Expresto, Dr. Baecker originated the concept and led the development for a successful proposal for an NSERC Research Network Grant entitled the Network for Effective Collaboration Through Advanced Research (NECTAR).
Between 1995 and 1998, Dr. Baecker founded the Knowledge Media Design Institute at the Faculty of Information at the University of Toronto. This was the first institute at U of T to address interdisciplinary issues within the production, creation, and distribution of knowledge media. In 2002, KMDI sponsored the development of a knowledge media design collaborative graduate degree program. He continues to serve as the Institute's Chief Scientist to provide intellectual leadership.
Between 2008 through 2011, he spun out Captual Technologies Inc. to develop and market ePresence, the first official open source software release from the University of Toronto, worldwide. In 2011, the company was sold to Canadian courseware management solutions firm Desire2Learn.
Following his project to develop context-aware mobile communications apps to aid speaking by adults with communication disorders such as caused by strokes, or children with learning and communication challenges such as autism spectrum disorder, Dr. Baecker assisted the start-up of MyVoice Inc. to commercialize an extraordinary context-aware mobile speech aid app. The company was doing well, until it was abandoned by its CEO in 2016.
Since 2010, Dr. Baecker has been transforming his work on aids for socially isolated and lonely seniors to keep them connected to family and friends into Famili.net Communications, which is currently commercializing a novel tablet-based communications tool for older adults.


=== Teaching experience ===
Dr. Baecker is an active lecturer, and consultant on human-computer interaction and user interface design, user support, software visualization, multimedia, computer-supported cooperative work and learning, the Internet, entrepreneurship and strategic planning in the software industry, and the role of information technology in business.
Since 1972, Dr. Baecker has developed original courses in interactive computer graphics, human-computer interaction, user interface and computational media and knowledge media design, computer-supported cooperative work, computer literacy, and software entrepreneurship. In 1973, he co-founded the Dynamic Graphics Project at the University of Toronto, creating the first Canadian university group studying HCI and computer graphics. In addition, in 1990, he developed the first undergraduate human-computer interaction specialization within computer science at U of T.
Additionally, in 2004, he founded the TAGlab to support research and development of technologies to aid cognition, communication, and social interaction among seniors. Collaborators include individuals from Baycrest, Columbia Medical School, Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre, and Toronto Rehabilitation Institute.


=== Publications and patents ===
Dr. Baecker has published over 200 papers and articles on HCI, UI design, software visualization, computer-supported cooperative work, and related topics. He has published two videos and authored or co-authored five books. His past publications are:

“Readings in Human Computer Interaction: Towards the Year 2000” (Morgan Kaufmann Publishers, 1995)
“Readings in Groupware and Computer Supported Cooperative Work: Software to Facilitate Human-Human Collaboration” (Morgan Kaufmann Publishers, 1993)
“Human Factors and Typography for More Readable Programs” (Addison-Wesley Publishing, 1990)
“Readings in Human Computer Interaction: A Multidisciplinary Approach” (Morgan Kaufmann Publishers, 1978)His fifth book, “Computers and Society: Modern Perspectives” (Oxford University Press, 2019), examines current and systemic issues among computers and society. Work on this book has launched him on another research project, which is a systematic examination of the attributes AI systems need to have in order to be trusted with the critical, often life-and-death decisions that are now being proposed for machine learning algorithms, which include uses in recruiting, medical diagnosis, child welfare, criminal justice, senior's care, driving, and warfare.
In addition, Dr. Baecker is the co-owner of two patents, one for “Content-Based Depiction of Computer Icons” (1995) and another for “Method for Generating and Displaying Content-Based Depictions of Computer-Generated Objects” (1996).


== Honors and awards ==
Lifetime Achievement Award from the Canadian Association of Computer Science/Association d’informatique Canadienne, the national organization of Canadian Computer Science Departments/Schools/Faculties, May 2015.
Given the 3rd Canadian Digital Media Pioneer Award, GRAND Network of Centres of Excellence, May 2013.
Elected as an ACM Fellow, November 2011.
Together with Alex Levy, Aakash Sahney, and Kevin Tonon, second place recipient of the 2011 University of Toronto Inventor of the Year Award in the Information and Computer Technology, Social Sciences and Humanities category, January 2011.
Awarded the 2007 Leadership Award of Merit from the Ontario Research and Innovation Optical Network (ORION) in June 2007.
Awarded the Canadian Human Computer Communications Society Achievement Award in May 2005.
Elected to the ACM SIGCHI CHI Academy in February 2005.
Named as one of 60 Pioneers in Computer Graphics by ACM SIGGRAPH, and honoured with a photographic collection exhibited at SIGGRAPH’98 and later at the Boston Computer Museum, July 1998.


== Training of highly qualified persons ==
Dr. Baecker's students are or have been professors at: 

University of Toronto
University of British Columbia
University of Alberta
University of Ontario Institute of Technology
Nipissing University
Georgia Institute of Technology
The Open University
Hong Kong University
National University of Singapore
Several community colleges.Others are or have been researchers or professional staff at The National Research Council (Canada), Microsoft and Microsoft Research, Google, IBM, Oracle Corporation, Sun Microsystems, The University of Toronto, McMaster University, Xerox, Nynex, Intel, Nortel, SRI International, Pixar/Disney, Alias Research, ATI, Electronic Arts, Matrox, McGraw-Hill, T-Mobile, Amazon, Intuit, McKinsey Corporation, Mark Logic, Silk Road Technology, Caseware international, Artez Interactive, Altamont Computers, Nectarine Group, Sapient, and ISS (Singapore). Others have started or been instrumental in the growth of companies such as SideFX, Data Mirror, Inea, Viigo, and TokBox.


== References ==Rajive Bagrodia, Ph.D. is an Indian-American computer scientist and entrepreneur.  He is the Founder and Chief Technical Officer of Scalable Network Technologies as well as an emeritus professor of computer science at UCLA.


== Education and research ==
Rajive Bagrodia received his Bachelor of Technology in electrical engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology Bombay, and his MA and Ph.D. in Computer Science from the University of Texas at Austin. As a Professor of Computer Science at UCLA, his areas of research included wireless networks, mobile computing & communications, network simulation & analysis, and parallel & distributed computing. He led a research team in mobile computing and parallel and distributed programming and developed simulations systems such as Maisie, Parsec, and GloMoSim. This research was funded by The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) under the Design of Mobile Adaptive Networks Using Simulation and Agent Technology(DOMAINS) project at UCLA. Given these results in performance prediction for complex, large-scale computer and communication systems, he founded Scalable Network Technologies in 1999.Dr. Bagrodia has continued to conduct a prolific amount of research. He has published over 150 research papers in Computer Science journals and spoken at international conferences on high performance computing, wireless networking, and parallel simulation. He has also provided commentary on issues relating to cyberwarfare and warfighter training.


== Scalable Network Technologies ==
Scalable Network Technologies is headquartered in Los, Angeles California but has partnered with Analytical Graphics, Presagis, and VT MAK as well as technology resellers in China, France, United Kingdom, India, Israel, Japan, Korea, and Taiwan.The company develops high-performance communications simulation software to test the reliability and resiliency of networks in rapidly changing environments, design new communications technology, enable virtual systems test before significant physical investment, and train network architects on the effective design of dynamic multi-vendor communications systems. More recently, the company has made a transition to cyber defense training, launching its newest product to train all types of users how to navigate cyber attacks. The company emphasizes its mixed model in which it integrates virtual network models with live physical hardware in all of its products.


== References ==Victor Bahl is an American computer scientist at Microsoft Research in Redmond, Washington. He is known for his research contributions to white space radio data networks, radio signal-strength based indoor positioning systems, multi-radio wireless systems, wireless network virtualization, and for bringing wireless links into the datacenter.   He is also known for his leadership of the mobile computing community as the co-founder of the ACM Special Interest Group on Mobility of Systems, Users, Data, and Computing (SIGMOBILE). He is the founder of international conference on Mobile Systems, Applications, and Services Conference (MobiSys), and the founder of ACM Mobile Computing and Communications Review, a quarterly scientific journal that publishes peer-reviewed technical papers, opinion columns, and news stories related to wireless communications and mobility. Bahl has received important awards; delivered dozens of keynotes and plenary talks at conferences and workshops; delivered over six dozen distinguished seminars at universities; written over hundred papers with more than 25,000 citations and awarded over 100 US and international patents.  He is a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery, IEEE, and American Association for the Advancement of Science.Bahl is a Technical Fellow and Director of the Mobility & Networking Research group at Microsoft Research.


== Life in industry ==
Bahl began his professional career in 1988 as an engineer in the image processing research group at Digital Equipment Corporation in Maynard, Massachusetts.  In 1990 he developed the computer industry's first video compression and image rendering software library that shipped with every Ultrix and VMS computer.  Between 1990 and 1992, he worked on the Jvideo hardware prototype (and later the J300), a TURBOchannel based multimedia board for manipulating digital video on personal workstations. Following the success of these project, in 1993, he and his group shipped FullVideo and FullVideo Supreme, the IT industry's first multimedia hardware product for VAX-, Alpha-, and Pentium-based workstations.  FullVideo used two C-Cube CL 550 chips for simultaneous compression and decompression of JPEG streams, a Motorola DSP5001 for CD quality audio, and a propriety blue noise based image renderer. In 1994, Bahl was awarded a two-year doctoral fellowship from DEC, which enabled him to complete his PhD degree at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst. In 1997, he joined Microsoft Research in Redmond, Washington and developed the first Wi-Fi based indoor positioning system and the first public area Wi-Fi hot spot.  In 2001 he formed the Networking Research Group and in 2010 the Mobility & Networking Research Group.  Bahl advises Microsoft's CEO and senior leadership team on long-term vision and strategy related to networking technologies.  He and his group execute on the strategy through research, technology transfers to product groups, industry partnerships, and associated policy engagement with governments and research institutions around the world.  Over the years his group has developed technologies such as campus-wide white space networking, wireless zero-configuration, Native Wi-Fi, Virtual Wi-Fi, firmware TPM, and the Xbox wireless controller protocol.  His group is also known for re-thinking data center networking by redesigning its architecture, load balancer, management systems, network virtualization, and cloud services.


== Research contributions ==


=== White space radio communications ===
As leader of Microsoft's Networking over White Spaces (KNOWS) project, Bahl led a worldwide effort to harness relatively unused spectra (TV white space) using a fundamentally different approach (opportunistic sharing of spectrum) from previous allocations.  In 2007 he and his group built the first TV white space radio, tested by the Federal Communications Commission; in 2009, they carried out some of the first US tests of whitespace radio communications; on April 7, 2010, as part of the IEEE DySPAN conference keynote talk, he announced the free availability of a white space spectrum database for research.  On August 14, 2010,  Bahl and Microsoft's Chief Research and Strategy Officer Craig Mundie hosted U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) chairman Julius Genachowski and FCC managing director Steven Van Roekei on Microsoft's Redmond campus.  During this meeting, Bahl presented the details of the white space networking technology and his group demonstrated the world's first campus-wide TV white space network.  One month later, on September 23, 2010, the FCC made a historic ruling that opened up over 180 MHz of spectrum for unlicensed use in the United States and another subsequent ruling that made spectrum sensing a non-mandatory requirement, a decision expected to be the key reason for the success of this technology.  Following the FCC's lead, spectrum regulatory bodies of several other countries passed similar rulings.  Bahl's efforts were covered extensively by the mainstream media.  He and his group published several seminal papers including a best paper in SIGCOMM 2009 titled “White Space Networking with Wi-Fi like Connectivity”.   These publications triggered a wave of further research in dynamic spectrum access.  Since then Bahl has continued to pursue this line of research, incorporating newer technologies such as smart antennas, MIMO, and software defined radios into wide area unlicensed networks.


=== Indoor positioning ===

Bahl developed the RADAR Indoor positioning system, the world's first RF signal strength based indoor location determination system.  The basic premise of operation is to record signal strength information from multiple Wi-Fi access points into a database during an initial training phase.  These signal strengths from nearby access points (a fingerprint) are then stored in a database.  During operation, the mobile makes the same AP signal strength measurements and then queries the database to find the closest location match.  Further refinements combine these empirical measurements with environmental profiling, mobility modeling, and topographical constraints to locate and track mobiles.  Bahl and collaborators were awarded 12 U.S. and international patents for this work.


=== Wi-Fi public area hotspots ===
Bahl designed and deployed the world's first free public area Wi-Fi hotspot network in the Crossroads Shopping Center in Bellevue, Washington on 11 June 1999.  The network known as CROWN, short for CROssroads Wireless Network, was operational for two years before being retired on 14 June 2001.  At a time when the telecommunications industry was vigorously pushing 3G networks, CROWN demonstrated how Wi-Fi hotspots could be an inexpensive alternative to cellular Internet access. CROWN's edge server architecture supported important features such as network discovery, global authentication, differentiated services, last hop cryptographic security, and location-based services. The design and the accompanying protocols influenced Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) working groups and companies deploying Wi-Fi hot-spots. The centralized dumb access point and smart switch architecture deployed in enterprise Wi-Fi networks can also be traced back to CROWN. Bahl published influential papers and was awarded several US patents for his inventions (United States patents: 6,834,341, 7,032,241, 7,089,415, 7,085,924, 7,149,896, 7,313,237, 7,406,707, 7,444,510, 7,444,669, 7,500,263, 7,548,976).


=== Wireless community meshes ===
Community-based  multi-hop wireless networking is a disruptive force on mainstream 
DSL and cable modem wireline networks. In the true spirit of the Internet, it allows free flow of information without any moderation or selective rate control (see network neutrality). Between 2003 and 2007, Bahl and his team at Microsoft Research invented several important technologies that made wireless mesh networking feasible. Their research, which was highly publicized in mainstream press, popularized the idea of community networks that would grow organically when neighbors connect their home Wi-Fi networks together via wireless meshes. To mitigate the loss of throughput, which is fundamental in meshes with half-duplex radios, Bahl departed from the norm and became the first researcher to build wireless meshes with multi-radio nodes. Subsequently, his group developed multi-radio routing algorithms that took advantage of this to extract better performance. He also built networks that split the control and data plane into different frequencies  and developed troubleshooting technologies that enabled them to self-manage and self-stabilize.  In 2005 and 2007 he developed and distributed open source academic toolkits that were used as a teaching and research aid in over 1200 universities worldwide.  He published several scientific papers, gave tutorials and keynote talks, and Microsoft licensed the technology to start-ups.  To speed up adoption and provide broadband Internet access in rural areas with poor connectivity, in 2006 he helped launch  Microsoft's Digital Inclusion Program that provided substantial funding for research and deployment of mesh networks. Bahl was awarded eight international patents pertaining to mesh networking.


=== Wireless network virtualization ===
Bahl and his brother Pradeep Bahl and (then) PhD candidate Ranveer Chandra co-invented wireless hardware virtualization, which enables a Wi-Fi card to give the illusion that it is connected to multiple wireless networks. The virtualization software resides below the network layer of the OSI network stack. It switches the hardware configuration rapidly and automatically causing it to connect to different networks.  Switching speeds of 1 to 2 milliseconds and demand driven switching creates the illusion that the device is connected to multiple networks simultaneously. The first prototype, developed in 2002 was called MultiNet.  Seven years later, in 2009, Microsoft shipped the technology as Virtual Wi-Fi to millions of users of its Windows operating system.  Virtual Wi-Fi brought to life new scenarios such as concurrent connection – allowing a device to communicate over an ad hoc network while being connected to the infra-structure network.  This technique is now often used with the widely popular Wi-Fi Direct.  Virtual Wi-Fi also enabled Wi-Fi networks to extend their range as intermediate node(s) served as relay device(s).  A third popular scenario allows bridging ad hoc networks to the Internet for the purpose of providing a localized Wi-Fi hot-spot.  Initially released as a research prototype, software download of Multinet exceeded several hundred thousand making it one of the most popular software downloaded in Microsoft Research's history. Virtual Wi-Fi received many accolades from mainstream media and copycat versions have been incorporated into several other commercial operating systems.


=== Multi-radio wireless systems ===

In 2001, Bahl developed the first multi-radio personal digital assistant (PDA). This precursor to modern smart phones used two different radios collaboratively to dramatically improve its network performance and Voice over IP functionality compared to the popular commercially available single radio wireless PDAs. The significant new design concept of using multiple radios with different characteristics in the same device was described in a 2002 MobiCom paper, where he and his co-authors showed how a low power radio, an RF Monolithics TR1000 ASH Transceiver, connected to a low power microcontroller, a Microchip PIC16LF877, could be used to wake-up the high-power device, a Compaq  iPAQ H3650PDA equipped with a Cisco AIR-PCM350 802.11b wireless networking card, on a as needed basis. This configuration increased the overall battery lifetime of the iPAQ by up to 115% for typical users.   Following this, between 2003 & 2005, Bahl wrote a series of research papers quantifying the advantages of using multiple radios in real-world wireless meshes and wireless LANs.  In a 2004 paper titled, “Reconsidering wireless systems with multiple radios,” he proposed the design principle of separating control and data planes by assigning different radios to each. Bahl's designs have proliferated deeply into the computer and telecommunication industry. His early work opened up a new threads of research and products and for this he was awarded at least five US patents (7,065,376, 7,099,689, 7,283,834, 7,610,057, 8,078,208). Also, as of 2014, five of his papers on this topic have been cited over 2,100 times.


=== Millimeter wave networking in data centers ===
In 2008-09, concerned  about the rapidly growing demand for cloud computing, the IT industry was contemplating converting the prevalent multi-rooted tree based network topology, of oversubscribed data center networks, to a fat tree topology or to a non-blocking full bisection bandwidth clos topology.  The difficulty was that re-hauling these networks with complex aggregate layer network switches, as required in a fat tree network topology, or with thousands of simpler commodity network switches inter-connected with miles of wires as required in a clos network topology, was very expensive.   In a study of a production mega data center, published in Oct. 2009, Bahl, Kandula, and Padhye showed that barring a few outliers, traffic demands could be met in existing, slightly-oversubscribed data center networks. Then, to manage the outliers, they augmented the small (i.e. low port density) network switches, commonly referred to as top-of-the-rack or ToR switches, which connect the server racks to the rest of the network, with extremely high frequency point-to-point radio frequency links.  Notwithstanding concerns about link reliability due to interference, they used these short range, highly directional links advantageously, exploiting frequency_reuse to light-up many links concurrently and interference-free at multi-Gbps rates.  The steerable radio beams provided additional inter-rack capacity on an as needed bases thus relieving congestion hot-spots.  By building such a network, they became the first researchers to introduce mm-wave (60 GHz) wireless communications in data centers.  Three years later, their invention was covered by the New York Times in an article published on Jan. 14, 2012 titled “A wireless road around data traffic jams.”  Others have followed up on their seminal work by developing similar networks.


== Professional service contributions ==

Over the past 20 years, Bahl has been a keystone figure in the mobile computing research community, beginning with his 1995 co-founding (with Imrich Chlamtac) of ACM SIGMOBILE, the ACM's special interest group in mobility and tetherless ubiquitous connectivity.  Under the auspices of SIGMOBILE, Bahl has served as steering committee chair of its flagship conference MobiCom, the International Conference on Mobile Computing and Networking, since 2001.In 2003, Bahl brokered a deal between the two largest computer systems organizations (ACM and USENIX) to found MobiSys, The International Conference on Mobile Systems, Applications, and Services.  MobiSys is now recognized as the most prestigious mobile systems venue in the world, evidenced by paper acceptance rates comparable to other top publication venues in computer science.In 1996, Bahl founded ACM Mobile Computing and Communications Review, a quarterly scientific magazine/newsletter that publishes peer-reviewed technical papers, standards reports, RF related health articles, conference and workshop reports, opinion columns, news stories, and interviews related to mobility and wireless communications.  The first issue was published in April 1997.  He served as its first editor-in-chief till June 2001.


== Education ==
PhD, Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Massachusetts, Amherst. Thesis title: Real-Time Visual Communications over Narrowband Wireless Radio Networks. Doctoral fellow at Digital Equipment Corporation.
Master of Science, Electrical and Computer Engineering, University at Buffalo. Thesis title: Recognition of Handwritten Script: A Hidden Markov Model Approach.
Bachelor of Science, Electrical and Computer Engineering, University at Buffalo. Thesis title: Conic Shape Detection Using a Non-Linearized Iterative Approach.


== Awards and recognition ==
In 1994, he received Digital Equipment Corporation's Doctoral Fellowship Award
In 2001, he received ACM SIGMOBILE's Distinguished Service Award "In recognition of his passion about and effectiveness in advancing the interests of ACM SIGMOBILE and MobiCom”
In 2003, he was inducted as a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery "for contributions to wireless systems, and for leadership in the mobile computing and communications community"
In 2007, 2010 and 2011 he was awarded Microsoft's individual Performance Awards
From 2007 to 2010, he served as ACM Distinguished Speaker and IEEE Communications Society's Distinguished Lecturer
In 2008, he was inducted as a Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers "for contributions to the design of wireless networks and systems and leadership in mobile computing and communications"
In 2008, he won the ACM International Conference on emerging Networking EXperiments and Technologies (CoNEXT) Best Paper Award for his paper “Opportunistic Use of Client Repeaters to Improve Performance of WLANs”
In 2009, he won ACM SIGCOMM Best Paper Award for his paper "White Space Networking with Wi-Fi like Connectivity"
In 2010, he was inducted as a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science “for distinguished contributions to the field of mobile systems and for passionate visionary leadership of the mobile computing community”
In 2010, he won the IEEE Region 6 Outstanding Engineer Award
In 2011, he won the U.S. Federal Communications Commission open Internet Applications and FCC People's Choice Awards for “MobiPerf, a network measurement system for cellular networks”
In 2012, he was named a Distinguished Alumnus of University of Massachusetts, Amherst
In 2013, he was named by the Association for Computing Machinery as the recipient of SIGMOBILE Outstanding Contributions (Lifetime Achievement) Award “for pioneering contributions to wireless Internet broadband technologies, and for inspirational leadership of the mobile computing community”
In 2013 he won the IEEE Region 6 Outstanding Leadership and Professional Service Award
In 2013, he won the ACM Mobile Systems, Applications and Services (MobiSys) Best Paper Award for his paper “Energy Characterization and Optimization of Image Sensing Toward Continuous Mobile Vision”


== References ==


== External links ==
Mobility and Networking Research Group at Microsoft Research Redmond
ACM SIGMOBILE
The International Conference on Mobile Systems, Applications, and ServicesChandrajit Bajaj (born 1958 in Calcutta, India) is an American computer scientist.  He is a Professor of Computer science at the University of Texas at Austin holding the Computational Applied Mathematics Chair in Visualization and is the director of the Computational Visualization Center, in the Institute for Computational Engineering and Sciences (ICES).


== Career ==
Dr. Bajaj studied Computer Science at the Indian Institute of Technology Delhi and obtained his BTech degree in 1980. From there he went on to Cornell University, where he obtained his Masters and PhD in Computer Science, in 1983 and 1984, respectively. He held a faculty position in computer science at Purdue University from 1984–1997, a visiting assistant professorship in Computer Sciences at Cornell University from 1990–1991, and was the Director of the Image Analysis and Visualization Center at Purdue University from 1996–1997. Since 1997, he has been a professor of Computer Sciences, the Computational and Applied Mathematics Chair of Visualization, and the director of the Computational Visualization Center at The University of Texas at Austin.Bajaj's research has been in the fields of computational biology, geometric modeling, image processing, computational geometry, computer graphics, compression, mesh generation, scientific computation, and visualization.
Bajaj is a current Editorial Board member for the ACM Computing Surveys, the International Journal on Computational Geometry and Applications, and the SIAM Journal on Imaging Sciences. He has been an associate editor of the ACM Transactions on Graphics. Bajaj served as the conference program chair or co-chair for the ACM Symposium on Computational Geometry in 2002 and the SIAM Conference on Geometric and Physical Modeling in 2011.


== Awards ==
Bajaj has been selected as a fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery (2009) and the American Association of the Advancement of Sciences (2008). His research has been awarded the Moncrief Grand Challenge Faculty Award in 2011.
Several of his publications have been selected for best paper awards including Computer Aided Design and the 2010 Symposium on Solid and Physical Modeling.


== Selected publications ==
Bajaj has authored or co-authored over 100 articles in scholarly journals as well authoring or editing several books listed below.


=== Books ===
C. Bajaj, ed. (1994). Algebraic Geometry and its Applications. Springer-Verlag. ISBN 978-0-387-94176-9.
J. Bloomenthal; C. Bajaj; J. Blinn; M. Gascuel; A. Rockwood; B. Wyvill; G. Wyvill (1997). Introduction to Implicit Surfaces. Morgan Kaufmann Publishers Inc.
C. Bajaj, ed. (1998). Data Visualization Techniques. John Wiley and Sons.
C. Christensen; G. Sunderam; A. Sathaye; C. Bajaj, eds. (2004). Algebra, Arithmetic and Geometry with Applications. Springer-Verlag.


== References ==


== External links ==
"Chandrajit Bajaj". Department of Computer Sciences, The University of Texas at Austin. Retrieved 7 July 2011.
"Computational Visualization Center". Institute for Computational Engineering and Sciences, The University of Texas at Austin. Retrieved 7 July 2011.Ruzena Bajcsy (born 1933 in Bratislava, Czechoslovakia) is an American engineer and computer scientist who specializes in robotics. She is Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at the University of California, Berkeley, where she is also Director Emerita of CITRIS (the Center for Information Technology Research in the Interest of Society).
She was previously Professor and Chair of Computer Science and Engineering at the University of Pennsylvania, where she was the founding Director of the University of Pennsylvania's General Robotics and Active Sensory Perception (GRASP) Laboratory, and a member of the Neurosciences Institute in the School of Medicine. She has also been head of the National Science Foundation's Computer and Information Science and Engineering Directorate, with authority over a $500 million budget. She supervised at least 26 doctoral students who received the Ph.D. at Pennsylvania.She was elected a member of the American Philosophical Society in 2005.


== Early life ==

Bajcsy was born in 1933 in Bratislava, Czechoslovakia to a Jewish family. Although her family was initially spared from Nazi concentration camps due to her father's work as a civil engineer, most of her adult relatives were killed by the Nazis in late 1944. Bajcsy and her sister, the only survivors in the immediate family, were supported as war orphans by the Red Cross; Bajcsy was later raised in orphanages and in foster care. A strong student in mathematics, she has said that she chose instead to study electrical engineering as a university student because the career prospects for mathematics students at the time led to teaching, which in Communist Eastern Europe required a commitment to Marxist-Leninist ideology that she was unwilling to provide.


== Education ==
She obtained Master's and Ph.D. degrees in electrical engineering from Slovak Technical University in 1957 and 1967, and an additional Ph.D. in computer science in 1972 from Stanford University. Her thesis was "Computer Identification of Textured Visual Scenes", and her advisor was John McCarthy.In 2001, she received an honorary doctorate from the University of Ljubljana in Slovenia. From 2003 to 2005, she was a member of the President's Information Technology Advisory Committee. The November 2002 issue of Discover named her to its list of the 50 most important women in science. In 2012, she received honorary doctorate degrees from the University of Pennsylvania and KTH, The Royal Institute of Technology in Sweden.


== Writings ==
She has written over 225 articles in journals and conference proceedings, 25 book chapters, and 66 technical reports and has been on many editorial boards.


== Current research ==
Her current research centers on artificial intelligence; biosystems and computational biology; control, intelligent systems, and robotics; graphics and human-computer interaction, computer vision; and security.


== Memberships ==
Bajcsy is a member of the National Academy of Engineering and the National Academy of Sciences Institute of Medicine as well as a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM), the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, the American Association for Artificial Intelligence, and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.


== Awards ==
Bajcsy received the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM)/Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence Allen Newell Award in 2001, the ACM Distinguished Service Award in 2003, and the Computing Research Association Distinguished Service Award in 2003.
Bajcsy's most current research has helped her gain recognition from The Franklin Institute in Philadelphia.  Ruzena Bajcsy received the 2009 Benjamin Franklin Medal in Computer and Cognitive Science for her innovations in robotics and computer vision, specifically the development of improved robotic perception and the creation of better methods to analyze medical images. Additionally, she was the winner of the 2009 ABIE Award for Technical Leadership from the Anita Borg Institute.Bajcsy has been named by the IEEE Board of Directors the recipient of the 2013 IEEE Robotics and Automation Award for her contributions in the field of robotics and automation with the following citation: "For contributions to computer vision, the active perception paradigm, and medical robotics".Bajcsy is featured in the Notable Women in Computing cards.


== References ==


== External links ==
Ruzena Bajcsy homepage, EECS, UC Berkeley
CV at Robot Hall of Fame
Dr. Ruzena Bajcsy, Visiting Committee for Advanced Technology, NIST, USABrenda Sue Baker is an American computer scientist. She is known for Baker's technique for approximation algorithms on planar graphs, for her early work on duplicate code detection, and for her research on two-dimensional bin packing problems.
Baker did her undergraduate studies at Radcliffe College. She earned a Ph.D. from Harvard University in 1973; her dissertation concerned automata theory and formal languages, and was supervised by Ronald V. Book. Early in her career she was an instructor and Vinton-Hayes Research Fellow at Harvard's Division of Engineering and Applied Physics, a visiting lecturer in the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences at the University of California, Berkeley, and an assistant professor in the Department of Computer and Communication Sciences at the University of Michigan. Later she worked at Bell Laboratories, becoming a Distinguished Member of Technical Staff there.Baker married another Bell Labs computer scientist, Eric Grosse, who would later become Google's Vice President for Security & Privacy Engineering. Their son, Roger Baker Grosse, is also a computer science researcher.


== Research ==
Her research interests principally include algorithm and software tools. Specifically, she has worked on problems involving string pattern matching, combinatorial algorithms, and approximation algorithms for NP-hard problems.In the software tools domain, she designed tools to analyze and compare source code and compiled executables. These tools include Dup and Pdiff, which compare regions of source code to determine if there are any repeated segments, as well as Exediff, which enables the creation of small patches for executables without requiring access to the source code they were compiled from.


== Selected publications ==
Baker, Brenda S.; Book, Ronald V. (1972), "Reversal-bounded multi-pushdown machines", Conference Record of 13th Annual Symposium on Switching and Automata Theory, Institute of Electrical & Electronics Engineers (IEEE), pp. 207–211, doi:10.1109/SWAT.1972.21.
Baker, Brenda S.; Coffman, E. G., Jr.; Rivest, Ronald L. (1980), "Orthogonal packings in two dimensions", SIAM Journal on Computing, 9 (4): 846–855, CiteSeerX 10.1.1.309.8883, doi:10.1137/0209064, MR 0592771
Baker, Brenda S.; Grosse, Eric; Rafferty, Conor S. (1988), "Nonobtuse triangulation of polygons", Discrete and Computational Geometry, 3 (2): 147–168, doi:10.1007/BF02187904, MR 0920700.
Baker, Brenda S. (1994), "Approximation algorithms for NP-complete problems on planar graphs", Journal of the ACM, 41 (1): 153–180, doi:10.1145/174644.174650, MR 1369197, S2CID 9706753.
Baker, Brenda S. (1995), "On finding duplication and near-duplication in large software systems", Proceedings of 2nd Working Conference on Reverse Engineering, Institute of Electrical & Electronics Engineers (IEEE), pp. 86–95, CiteSeerX 10.1.1.133.6440, doi:10.1109/wcre.1995.514697, ISBN 978-0-8186-7111-1, S2CID 11446831.
Baker, Brenda S.; Manber, Udi (1998), "Deducing Similarities in Java Sources from Bytecodes", Proceedings of the USENIX Annual Technical Conference, pp. 179–190.


== References ==Erica Joy Baker (born 1980) is an engineer in the San Francisco Bay Area, Chief Technology Officer for the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, and known for her outspoken support of diversity and inclusion. She has worked at companies including GitHub, Google, Slack, Patreon, and Microsoft. She gained prominence in 2015 for starting an internal spreadsheet where Google employees reported their salary data to better understand pay disparities within the company. Kara Swisher of Recode called Baker the "woman to watch" in a profile in C Magazine.


== Education ==
In High School, Baker took a calculator programming class, learning how to program in BASIC on Texas Instruments brand graphing calculators. She also learned how to code websites, hosting her own on GeoCities.Baker attended the University of Miami and majored in Computer Science. She says she was one of the only two Black people in one of her core classes, and decided to transfer to the University of Alaska earning an Associate of applied science degree in Information Technology.


== Career ==
Baker's first job was as a Windows Domain Administrator for the University of Alaska Statewide Systems at the age of 21years. She then moved to Home Depot for a year, doing network operations and mobile desktop support. After this, she switched to Scientific Games to do desktop support.


=== Google ===
Baker worked at Google from 2006 to May 2015, in various roles, ending with the role of Site Reliability Engineer (SRE). In July 2015, after leaving Google for Slack, Baker revealed in a series of tweets that she had started an internal spreadsheet at Google for employees to disclose their salary information. Based on the spreadsheet, a number of her colleagues were able to negotiate pay raises. Baker reported that a number of her colleagues sent her peer bonuses for starting the spreadsheet, but her peer bonuses were denied by management. The spreadsheet sparked discussion on Google's pay disparities, non-transparency in pay determination, and potential gender and ethnicity differentials in pay. The spreadsheet continued to be updated until 2017, when updated data from the spreadsheet was reported in The New York Times.


=== Post-Google ===
From May 2015 to July 2017, Baker worked as a build and release engineer at Slack. In February 2016, Baker, Megan Anctil, Kiné Camara, and Duretti Hirpa accepted TechCrunch's Crunchies award on behalf of Slack for Fastest Rising Startup. In June 2017, TechCrunch, and USA Today reported that Baker was leaving Slack to join Kickstarter as director of engineering, reporting to Lara Hogan, the newly appointed VP of Engineering, and working in Brooklyn. Although her role did not officially involve diversity and inclusion, Baker said that fostering diversity and inclusion would be part of her job. However, she ultimately stayed in the San Francisco Bay Area and became Senior Engineering Manager at Patreon. In January 2019, Baker joined Microsoft as Principal Group Engineering Manager.In March 2021, Baker joined DCCC as Chief Technology Officer.


=== Work on diversity and inclusion ===
After creating the spreadsheet on Google's salary data and then leaving Google, Baker has been an advocate for diversity and inclusion on her blog and in other public fora. She was behind #RealDiversityNumbers, a Twitter movement to acquire numbers for various companies around retention and number of lawsuits settled out of court.  Baker was critical of Salesforce.com CEO Marc Benioff's remarks that suggested that inclusion efforts for ethnic and racial minorities were taking a backseat so that the company could focus on gender issues.She shed light on the performative nature of technology activism when she denounced Benioff's tweet during the Black Lives Matter protests, where a black man who was wearing a twitter logo was being arrested. His tweet said, "Yes that is a @Twitter @blackbirds logo. Amazing to see tech as a vehicle for social change. Respect.", to which she replied, "That anyone could see a picture of a black man being arrested for protesting against the wrongful killing of another black man and respond, 'Hey look at the Twitter logo', would be mind-boggling if it happened anywhere else. In the tech industry though, it's par for the course."She also denounced a video series by Elissa Shevinsky, the author of Lean Out, stating that it only addressed the diversity problem superficially. Meredith L. Patterson took issue with Baker's comment and accused her of having a conflict of interest. Baker, along with Tracy Chou, Freada Kapor Klein and Ellen Pao, was one of the founding members of Project Include, a startup launched in 2016 to provide diversity and inclusion strategies to client companies.


=== Public appearances ===
Baker was interviewed by WIRED's Davey Alba at WIRED Business Conference 2016. In January 2017, Baker was a keynote speaker at the Women of Color in Computing conference held by Mills College. In March 2018, Baker was a featured speaker at the Bond Conference. Baker was also a featured speaker for a Berkeley Center for New Media panel and The Wall Street Journal's Women in the Workplace Forum both in October 2018.    She appeared on Jeopardy as a guest presenter in February 2021.


=== Philanthropy ===
Baker is on the board of directors for Girl Develop It. She is also on the advisory board of Hack the Hood and is a tech mentor for Black Girls Code.


=== Awards ===
Baker was on the list of the BBC's 100 Women announced on 23 November 2020.


== Personal life ==
Baker spent her childhood on the move, first in Germany, where Baker was born while her parents were deployed there, then New Mexico, Florida, and Alaska. Both her parents were in the US Air Force. Baker started writing as a teenager.Baker got married while in college in Alaska, but said it didn't work out.In 2021, Baker married her current husband, American B Astrella.
Baker has a strong interest in genealogy, and has spent more than ten years researching her family's history. Her hope is to someday help fill in the gaps for every other African American family as well.


== References ==


== External links ==
Official websiteHenry Givens Baker Jr. is an American computer scientist who has made contributions in garbage collection, functional programming languages, and linear logic. He was also one of the founders of Symbolics, a company that designed and manufactured a line of Lisp machines. In 2006 he was recognized as a Distinguished Scientist by the Association for Computing Machinery.
He is notable for his research in garbage collection, particularly Baker's real-time copying collector, and on the Actor model.
Baker received his B.Sc. (1969), S.M. (1973), E.E. (1973), and Ph.D. (1978) degrees at M.I.T.
Chicken Scheme compiler was inspired by an innovative design of Baker's.


== Bibliography ==
Hewitt, Carl; Baker, Henry (August 1–5, 1977), "Actors and Continuous Functionals", Proceeding of IFIP Working Conference on Formal Description of Programming Concepts
Hewitt, Carl; Baker, Henry G. (1977), "Laws for Communicating Parallel Processes", IFIP Congress: 987–92
Baker, Henry (January 1978), Actor Systems for Real-Time Computation (EECS Doctoral Dissertation), Cambridge: Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Baker, Henry G. (1978), "Shallow binding in LISP 1.5", Communications of the ACM, 21 (7): 565–9, doi:10.1145/359545.359566, S2CID 10567619
Baker, Henry G. (4 April 1978), "List processing in real time on a serial computer.", Communications of the ACM, 21 (4): 280–294, CiteSeerX 10.1.1.468.2631, doi:10.1145/359460.359470, S2CID 17661259


== References ==


== External links ==
Henry Baker's Archive of Research Papers at the Internet ArchiveSarma Bala Vrudhula is a Professor of Computer Science and Engineering at Arizona State University, Tempe, Arizona. He was named Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) in 2016 for contributions to low-power and energy-efficient design of digital circuits and systems.


== Education ==
Ph.D., Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Southern California, 1985
M.S., Electrical Engineering, University of Southern California, 1980
B.Math., University of Waterloo, Ontario, Canada, 1976


== References ==


== External links ==
Sarma Bala Vrudhula publications indexed by Google ScholarMagdalena Bałazińska is a computer scientist whose research concerns databases and data streams. Born in Poland and educated in Algeria, Canada, and the US, she works at the University of Washington, where she directs the Paul G. Allen School of Computer Science & Engineering.


== Education and career ==
Balazinska was born in Poland. Her family moved to Algeria, where she studied in a Polish and French speaking school, and then to Quebec, Canada, where she did her university studies in computer engineering at the Polytechnique Montréal. She completed her Ph.D. in computer science in 2005 at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Her dissertation, Fault-Tolerance and Load Management in a Distributed Stream Processing System, was supervised by Hari Balakrishnan.She joined the University of Washington faculty in 2006, and served the university as Director of the eScience Institute and Associate Vice Provost for Data Science before, in 2019, being appointed as director of the Paul G. Allen School of Computer Science & Engineering.


== Recognition ==
Balazinska's work on fault-tolerant distributed stream processing and on reengineering software clones has won awards for its long-term impact.
She was elected as an ACM Fellow in 2019 "for contributions to scalable distributed data systems".


== References ==


== External links ==
Home page
Magdalena Bałazińska publications indexed by Google ScholarMaria-Florina (Nina) Balcan is a Romanian-American computer scientist whose research investigates machine learning, algorithmic game theory, theoretical computer science, including active learning, kernel methods, random-sampling mechanisms and envy-free pricing. She is an associate professor of computer science at Carnegie Mellon University.


== Education ==
Balcan is originally from Romania, and earned a bachelor's degree in 2000 from the University of Bucharest, earning summa cum laude honors with a double major in mathematics and computer science. She continued at the University of Bucharest for a master's degree in computer science in 2002, and then earned a PhD in computer science in 2008 from Carnegie Mellon University  where her research was supervised by Avrim Blum.


== Career and research ==
After working as a postdoctoral researcher at Microsoft Research New England, she was appointed assistant professor in the Georgia Institute of Technology College of Computing in 2009. She returned to Carnegie Mellon as a tenured faculty member in 2014.Balcan served as program committee co-chair for three major machine learning conferences, including COLT 2014, the International Conference on Machine Learning (ICML) 2016, and the Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems (NeurIPS) 2020. She is the general chair for ICML 2021.


=== Awards and honors ===
Balcan is a Microsoft Faculty Fellow (2011), a Sloan Research Fellow (2014) and a Kavli Frontiers of Science Fellow (2015). She was awarded the 2019  Grace Murray Hopper Award by the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM), for her "foundational and breakthrough contributions to minimally-supervised learning".
 She is a 2021 Simons Investigator.


== References ==Boaz Barak (בועז ברק, born 1974) is an Israeli-American professor of computer science at Harvard University.He graduated in 1999 with a B.Sc. in mathematics and computer science from Tel Aviv University. In 2004 he received his Ph.D. from the Weizmann Institute of Science with thesis Non-Black-Box Techniques in Cryptography under the supervision of Oded Goldreich. Barak was at the Institute for Advanced Study for two years from 2003 to 2005. He was an assistant professor in the computer science department of Princeton University from 2005 to 2010 and an associate professor from 2010 to 2011. From 2010 to 2016 he was a researcher at Microsoft's New England research laboratory. Since 2016 he is the Gordon McKay Professor of Computer Science in the Harvard John A. Paulson School of Engineering and Applied Sciences. He is a citizen of both Israel and the United StatesHe co-authored, with Sanjeev Arora, Computational Complexity: A Modern Approach, published by Cambridge University Press in 2009. Barak also wrote extensive notes with David Steurer on the sum of squares algorithm and occasionally blogs on the Windows on Theory blog.  In 2013, he, Robert J. Goldston, and Alexander Glaser worked to design a "zero-knowledge" system to verify that warheads designated for disarmament are actually what they purport to be. By directing high-energy neutrons into the warhead under investigation, and comparing the distribution passing through to the distribution that passed through a known warhead, inspectors can determine whether a warhead being disarmed is genuine or a ruse designed to evade treaty requirements, without leaking nuclear secrets.  For this work, he was selected for Foreign Policy's Top 100 Global Thinkers issue for 2014.In 2014 Barak was an invited speaker at the International Congress of Mathematics at Seoul. With Mark Braverman, Xi Chen, and Anup Rao, he won the 2016 SIAM Outstanding Paper Prize for the paper “How to Compress Interactive Communication”.


== Patents ==
U.S. Patent 7,003,677, “Method for operating proactively secured applications on an insecure system” with Amir Herzberg, Dalit Naor and Eldad Shai of IBM Haifa Research Lab. Filed November 1999, granted February 2006.


== References ==


== External links ==
"Selected publications (with electronic versions available)". boazbarak.org.
"On the possibility of an instance-based complexity theory - Boaz Barak". YouTube. Institute for Advanced Study. 15 April 2019.
"Boaz Barak: Cryptography, Computation Complexity, Algorithms". YouTube. 1 November 2017.
"On the Existence of Optimal Algorithms". YouTube. Simons Institute. 1 October 2015.
"ICM 2014 VideoSeries IL14.1: Boaz Barak on Aug14Thu (Sum-of-squares proofs and the quest toward optimal algorithms)". YouTube. Seoul ICM VOD. 18 August 2014.
Mohan, Geoffrey (June 26, 2014). "Fusing physics, cryptography to solve a nuclear inspection paradox". Los Angeles Times.
"A World Disrupted: Leading Global Thinkers of 2014". Foreign Policy. Archived from the original on 1 January 2015. Retrieved 1 October 2020.David Baron is an American computer scientist, web browser engineer, open web standards author, technology speaker, and open source contributor.  He has written and edits several CSS web standards specifications including CSS Color Module Level 3, CSS Conditional Rules, and several working drafts. He started working on Mozilla in 1998, and was employed by Mozilla in 2003 to help develop and evolve the Gecko rendering engine, eventually as a Distinguished Engineer in 2013. He was Mozilla’s representative on the WHATWG Steering Group from 2017-2020. He has served on the W3C Technical Architecture Group (TAG) continuously since being elected in 2015 and re-elected subsequently, most recently in 2020. In 2021 he joined Google to work on Google Chrome.


== Notable inventions ==
Reftests — automated visual tests of browser engine rendering
CSS animations implementation in Gecko


== Writing ==
Baron is the author and editor of several W3C web standards:

CSS Color Module Level 3 Recommendation
CSS Conditional Rules Module Level 3 Candidate Recommendation
CSS Animations Level 1 Working Draft
CSS Overflow Module Level 3 Working Draft
CSS Transitions Working DraftBaron was also a technical reviewer of the book "Transitions and Animations in CSS: Adding Motion with CSS".


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website 
David Baron on Twitter 
W3C Interview of David BaronJoel Barr (January 1, 1916 – August 1, 1998), also Iozef Veniaminovich Berg and Joseph Berg, was part of the Soviet Atomic Spy Ring.


== Background ==
Born Joyel Barr in New York City, to immigrant parents of Ukrainian Jewish origin. He attended City College of New York with Julius Rosenberg and later worked with Rosenberg and Alfred Sarant at the United States Army Signal Corps laboratories at Fort Monmouth, New Jersey during World War II.


== Career ==
The Army Signal Corps Engineering Laboratories at Fort Monmouth, New Jersey, hired Barr as an electrical engineer in July 1940.  Julius Rosenberg signed on with the corps as a junior engineer two months later.


=== Espionage ===
In 1941 they were recruited as Soviet spies by Jacob Golos. Barr's code name was Meter. They in turn persuaded Alfred Sarant to join the network.
According to Alexandr Feklisov: Joel and Alfred were good friends and spent a lot of time together. I must admit that Sarant had the makings of an undercover agent; he was a cautious young man, yet full of resolve, with progressive ideas. Before we recruited him though, he had to pass a test. Barr asked Sarant to borrow some secret documents to which he had access because he, Barr, needed them for his personal use. Alfred did not hesitate in helping his friend and in the meantime the Center approved a bona fide approach."Barr was recruited into espionage by Rosenberg. In turn, he recruited Sarant and the two shared an apartment and were allowed to function as a team by their KGB Case Officer, Alexander Feklisov. Feklisov regarded the pair as the most productive members of the group.
Both Barr and Sarant were trained and employed as electrical engineers and worked on military radar. Barr was discovered by counterintelligence to be a Communist and was fired. He and Sarant then found employment with Western Electric and worked on a highly secret radar bombsight. Barr and Sarant gave the USSR over 9,000 pages of documents detailing over 100 weapons systems.
When the war ended the two founded Sarant Laboratories, and sought defense contracts, but the company soon failed, after which the two split up. Barr worked for a while in late 1946 with Sperry Gyroscope Company on secret military radar systems, but was fired in 1947 after the United States Air Force refused him a security clearance.


=== Defection ===
Barr then moved to Europe, studying engineering in Sweden and music composition in Paris with Olivier Messiaen.  Barr disappeared from his Paris apartment the day after David Greenglass was arrested, and fled to Czechoslovakia without taking his belongings. The KGB gave him a new identity; for the rest of his life Barr was known as Joseph Berg. In the summer of 1951, Barr met up with Sarant and the woman Sarant ran away with, Carol Dayton. Barr and Sarant, living under the name Philip Staros, settled in Prague, where they headed a successful effort to design the first automated anti-aircraft weapon created in the Soviet bloc, a weapon that was used with minor modifications through the 1980s.


=== Zelenograd ===
In 1956, the two transferred to Leningrad and were put at the head of a military electronics research institute, and enjoyed the benefits of the Soviet nomenklatura. In May 1962, Soviet Premier Nikita Khrushchev toured their institute and agreed to their plan to establish a new city dedicated entirely to microelectronics. The city, Zelenograd, was built on the outskirts of Moscow and Sarant was named deputy director, with authority over more than 20,000 engineers and scientists. Barr and Sarant lost their positions at Zelenograd when Khrushchev was deposed, but they continued to work on military projects, including the Uzel fire-control computer that was installed in Tango and Kilo submarines.
In 1983, a Russian émigré, Mark Kuchment, working at Harvard University's Russian Research Center, who had read The Rosenberg File, linked Barr and Sarant to two prominent Soviet scientists, both native speakers of English.


=== Post-Soviet era ===
After the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1992, Barr returned to the United States but denied his participation in espionage. He split the next six years between the U.S. and Russia, and died in 1998 in Moscow, Russia.
There are seven deciphered KGB transmissions about Joel Barr. Barr's code name in the Soviet intelligence and in deciphered Venona project transcripts was originally "Meter" (also "Metre" and "Metr"); it was later changed to "Scout" (also "Skaut"). The November 14, 1944 Venona cable also documents the successful recruitment of Ruth Greenglass.


== See also ==
Atomic spies
Julius Rosenberg
Alfred Sarant


== Notes ==


== References ==
Steven T. Usdin, Engineering Communism: How Two Americans Spied for Stalin And Founded the Soviet Silicon Valley, Yale University Press October 10, 2005, hardcover, ISBN 0-300-10874-5
Steven T. Usdin, The Origins of Zelenograd: The Amazing Story Of Two U.S. Engineers In Cold War Russia video lecture
Steven T. Usdin, Tracking Julius Rosenberg's Lesser Known Associates
John Earl Haynes and Harvey Klehr, Venona: Decoding Soviet Espionage in America (New Haven: Yale University Press, 1999) ISBN 0-300-08462-5
Allen Weinstein and Alexander Vassiliev, The Haunted Wood: Soviet Espionage in America—the Stalin Era (New York: Random House, 1999)
Alexander Feklisov, The Man Behind the Rosenbergs: Memoirs of the KGB Spymaster Who Also Controlled Klaus Fuchs and Helped Resolve the Cuban Missile Crisis, (New York, Enigma, 2001)
FBI Venona file
Making it in the USSR, by Mark Kuchment, The New York Review of Books, Volume 31, Number 5 · March 29, 1984
PBS Nova Online, The November 14, 1944 cable: Joel Barr and Alfred Sarant


== Further reading ==
Ronald Radosh and Joyce Milton, The Rosenberg File: A Search for the Truth, Henry Holt (1983), hardcover, ISBN 0-03-049036-7
Richard C.S. Trahair and Robert Miller, Encyclopedia of Cold War Espionage, Spies, and Secret Operations, Enigma Books (2009), paperback, ISBN 978-1-929631-75-9
Podcast interview with Steven T. Usdin, author of Engineering Communism: How Two Americans Spied for Stalin and Founded the Soviet Silicon Valley, Part I, Part II


== External links ==
An Interactive Rosenberg Espionage Ring Timeline and ArchiveValarie Barr is an American computer scientist with an endowed chair in the department of Computer Science at Mount Holyoke College in South Hadley, Massachusetts. She is known for her work with women in computing.


== Education ==
Barr earned her Bachelor of Science in Applied mathematics from Mount Holyoke in 1977, her Masters from New York University in 1979, and earned her PhD in Computer Science in 1996 from Rutgers University.


== Career ==
She taught at Hofstra University on Long Island nine years before becoming department chair at Union College in 2004 where she worked on updating the introductory courses in computer science to appeal to underrepresented groups in computer science and to broaden non-major exposure to the field of computer science.
From 2012–2017, she served as the chair of ACM's Council on Women in Computing.  She served as a program director at the United States National Science Foundation in the Division of Undergraduate Education during 2013–2014.  Her work as program director ended early as a result of questions related to political activity in the 1980s. In 1999, Barr was the recipient of the NSF POWRE award, and in 2007, she was awarded the NSF Computer and Information Science and Engineering (CISE) Pathways to Revitalized Undergraduate Computing Education (CPATH) Institutional Transformation Award.In 2008, Barr and Elaine Weyuker organized a major ACM-W initiative to provide scholarships to women students who want to attend research conferences.  This program is still running and annually provides between 30 and 40 scholarships a year for women students from around the world who are interested in attending conferences that will help them further their interests in computing. In 2016, she served as an Academic Corner Speaker at the Anita Borg Institute international conference Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing.She became an ACM Senior Member in 2009 and earned the 2016 Outstanding Contribution to ACM Award for broadening the impact of ACM-W, increasing its effectiveness in supporting women in computing worldwide, and encouraging participation in ACM.In 2017, she was named the first person to hold the Jean E. Sammet Chair in Computer Science at Mount Holyoke College.In 2019, Barr was named a Distinguished Member of the ACM.


== Selected publications ==
2017. Barr, Valerie, Gender diversity in computing: are we making any progress?,Communications of the ACM, Volume 60 Issue 4, April 2017, Pages 5–5.
2011. Barr, Valerie, and Chris Stephenson, Bringing computational thinking to K-12: what is Involved and what is the role of the computer science education community?, ACM Inroads, Volume 2 Issue 1, March 2011, Pages 48–54.
2010. Allan, Vicki, Barr, Valerie, et al. Computational thinking in high school courses. Proceedings of the 41st ACM technical symposium on Computer science education. ACM, 2010.
2000. Gonzalez, Avelino J., and Valerie Barr, Validation and verification of intelligent systems-What are they and how are they different?, Journal of Experimental & Theoretical Artificial Intelligence, 12.4 (2000): 407–420.


== See also ==
Association for Computing Machinery's Council on Women in Computing (ACM-W)
Mount Holyoke College
Women in computing


== References ==Brian A. Barsky is a Professor at the University of California, Berkeley, working in computer graphics and geometric modeling as well as in optometry and vision science.  He is a Professor of Computer Science and Vision Science and an Affiliate Professor of Optometry.  He is also a member of the Joint Graduate Group in Bioengineering, an inter-campus program, between UC Berkeley and UC San Francisco.
He was a Visiting Professor at Yale-NUS College in Singapore, in the Department of Computer Graphics and Multimedia in the Faculty of Information Technology at the Brno University of Technology in the Czech Republic, in the Machine Vision and Pattern Recognition Laboratory at the Lappeenranta University of Technology in Finland, at the Laboratoire d'Informatique Fondamentale de Lille (LIFL) of l'Université des Sciences et Technologies de Lille (USTL), at the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology in Hong Kong, at the University of Otago in Dunedin, New Zealand, in the Modélisation Géométrique et Infographie Interactive group at l'Institut de Recherche en Informatique de Nantes and l'Ecole Centrale de Nantes, in Nantes, at the University of Toronto, at the School of Computing at the National University of Singapore, at the Laboratoire Image of l'Ecole Nationale Supérieure des Télécommunications in Paris, and he was a visiting researcher with the Computer Aided Design and Manufacturing Group at the Sentralinsitutt for Industriell Forskning (Central Institute for Industrial Research) in Oslo.
He is a UC Berkeley Presidential Chair Fellow, a Warren and Marjorie Minner Faculty Fellow in Engineering Ethics and Professional/Social Responsibility, and an ACM Distinguished Speaker.


== Education ==
Barsky holds a Ph.D. in computer science from the University of Utah in Salt Lake City, an M.S. in computer graphics and computer science from Cornell University in Ithaca, and a D.C.S. in engineering and a B.Sc. in mathematics and computer science from McGill University in Montreal.


== Awards ==
Barsky won an IBM Faculty Development Award and a National Science Foundation Presidential Young Investigator Award.  He was named a Fellow of the American Academy of Optometry (F.A.A.O.)


== Books ==
He is a co-author or author of several books:  An Introduction to Splines for Use in Computer Graphics and Geometric Modeling, Making Them Move: Mechanics, Control, and Animation of Articulated Figures, and Computer Graphics and Geometric Modeling Using Beta-splines. See List of books in computational geometry.


== Conference Program Chairs ==
He was the Technical Program Committee Chair for the ACM SIGGRAPH '85 conference held in San Francisco on July 22–26, 1985 and Program Co-chair of Pacific Graphics 2000 held in Hong Kong on October 3–5, 2000.


== Research ==
Along with You-Dong Liang, he was an author and namesake of the efficient “Liang-Barsky algorithm” for clipping in computer graphics.Barsky created the Beta-spline curve and surface representation which introduced the concept of geometric continuity for smoothness and Gn notation to the fields of computer-aided geometric design and geometric modeling.
He introduced vision-realistic rendering to simulate human vision based on ocular measurements of an individual. Using these measurements, synthetics images are generated.  This process modifies input images to simulate the appearance of the scene for the individual.
That work led to an investigation with Fu-Chung Huang  of how to display images to compensate for the specific optical aberrations of the viewer, resulting in vision-correcting displays.  Given the measurements of the optical aberrations of a user’s eye, a vision correcting display produces a transformed image that when viewed by this individual will appear in sharp focus. This could impact computer monitors, laptops, tablets, and mobile phones. Vision correction could be provided in some cases where eyeglasses are ineffective.  This research was selected by Scientific American as one of 2014's ten annual "World Changing Ideas.”
Barsky developed a novel contact lens design to help restore vision to people with cornea problems.


== References ==


== External links ==
Brian A. Barsky's home page at U.C. Berkeley
September 12, 2002 article in New York Times
Published papersJean Jennings Bartik (born Betty Jean Jennings, December 27, 1924 – March 23, 2011) was one of the original programmers for the ENIAC computer.
Bartik studied mathematics in school then began work at the University of Pennsylvania, first manually calculating ballistics trajectories and then using ENIAC to do so. The other five ENIAC programmers were Betty Holberton, Ruth Teitelbaum, Kathleen Antonelli, Marlyn Meltzer, and Frances Spence. Bartik and her colleagues developed and codified many of the fundamentals of programming while working on the ENIAC, since it was the first computer of its kind.
After her work on ENIAC, Bartik went on to work on BINAC and UNIVAC, and spent time at a variety of technical companies as a writer, manager, engineer and programmer. She spent her later years as a real estate agent and died in 2011 from congestive heart failure complications.
Content-management framework Drupal's default theme, Bartik, is named in honor of her.


== Early life and education ==
Born Betty Jean Jennings in Gentry County, Missouri, in 1924, she was the sixth of seven children. Her father, William Smith Jennings (1893-1971) was from Alanthus Grove, where he was a schoolteacher as well as a farmer. Her mother, Lula May Spainhower (1887-1988) was from Alanthus. Jennings had three older brothers, William (January 10, 1915) Robert (March 15, 1918); and Raymond (January 23, 1922); two older sisters, Emma (August 11, 1916) and Lulu (August 22, 1919), and one younger sister, Mable (December 15, 1928).In her childhood, she would ride on horseback to visit her grandmother, who bought the young girl a newspaper to read every day and became a role model for the rest of her life. She began her education at a local one-room school, and gained local attention for her softball skill. In order to attend high school, she lived with her older sister in the neighboring town, where the school was located, and then began to drive every day despite being only 14. She graduated from Stanberry High School in 1941, aged 16.She attended Northwest Missouri State Teachers College now known Northwest Missouri State University, majoring in mathematics with a minor in English and graduating in 1945. Jennings was awarded the only mathematics degree in her class. Although she had originally intended to study journalism, she decided to change to mathematics because she had a bad relationship with her adviser. Later in her life, she earned a master's degree in English at the University of Pennsylvania in 1967 and was awarded an honorary doctorate degree from Northwest Missouri State University in 2002.


== Career ==

In 1945 the United States Army was recruiting mathematicians from universities to aid in the war effort; despite a warning by her adviser that she would be "a cog in a wheel" with the Army, and encouragement to become a mathematics teacher instead, Bartik decided to become a human computer. Bartik's calculus professor encouraged her to take the job at University of Pennsylvania because they had a differential analyzer.She applied to both IBM and the University of Pennsylvania at the age of 20. Although rejected by IBM, Jennings was hired by the University of Pennsylvania to work for Army Ordnance at Aberdeen Proving Ground, calculating ballistics trajectories by hand. While working there, Bartik met her future husband, William Bartik, who was an engineer working on a Pentagon project at the University of Pennsylvania. They married in December 1946.When the Electronic Numeric Integrator and Computer (ENIAC) was developed for the purpose of calculating the ballistic trajectories human computers like Bartik had been doing by hand, she applied to become a part of the project and was eventually selected to be one of its first programmers. Bartik was asked to set up problems for the ENIAC without being taught any techniques. Bartik and five other women (Betty Holberton, Marlyn Wescoff, Kathleen McNulty, Ruth Teitelbaum, and Frances Spence) were chosen to be the main programmers for the ENIAC. Many other women who are often unrecognized contributed to the ENIAC during a period of wartime male labor shortage. Bartik, who became the co-lead programmer (with Betty Holberton), and the other four original programmers became extremely adept at running the ENIAC; with no manual to rely on, the group reviewed diagrams of the device, interviewed the engineers who had built it, and used this information to teach themselves the skills they needed. Initially, they were not allowed to see the ENIAC's hardware at all since it was still classified and they had not received security clearance; they had to learn how to program the machine solely through studying schematic diagrams. The six-woman team was also not initially given space to work together, so they found places to work where they could, in abandoned classrooms and fraternity houses.While the six women worked on ENIAC, they developed subroutines, nesting, and other fundamental programming techniques, and arguably invented the discipline of programming digital computers. Bartik and the other ENIAC female programmers learned to physically modify the machine, moving switches and rerouting cables, in order to program it.  In addition to performing the original ballistic trajectories they were hired to compute, the six female programmers soon became operators on the Los Alamos nuclear calculations, and generally expanded the programming repertoire of the machine. Bartik's programming partner on the important trajectory program for the military that would prove that the ENIAC worked to specification was Betty Holberton, known at the time as Betty Snyder.  Bartik and Holberton's program was chosen to introduce the ENIAC to the public and larger scientific community.  That demonstration occurred on February 15, 1946 and was a tremendous success.  The ENIAC proved that it operated faster than the Mark I, a well known electromechanical machine at Harvard, and also showed that the work that would take a "human computer" 40 hours to complete could be done in 20 seconds.
Bartik described the first public demonstration of the ENIAC in 1946:The day ENIAC was introduced to the world was one of the most exciting days of my life. The demonstration was fabulous. ENIAC calculated the trajectory faster than it took the bullet to travel. We handed out copies of the calculations as they were run. ENIAC was 1,000 times faster than any machine that existed prior to that time. With its flashing lights, it also was an impressive machine illustrating graphically how fast it was actually computing.
The public demonstration was a success, but most of the congratulations on its turnout were given to its engineers, John Mauchly and John Eckert.Bartik was later asked to form and lead a group of programmers to convert the ENIAC into a stored program computer, working closely with John von Neumann, Dick Clippinger and Adele Goldstine.Bartik converted the ENIAC into a stored program computer by March 1948. As head of this process, Bartik was charged with the conversion that allowed the ENIAC to be turned into a rudimentary stored program computer to assist with Clippinger's wind tunnel programs, which allowed the ENIAC to operate more quickly, efficiently, and accurately.  Letters between Bartik and Adele Goldstine were discovered by authors Thomas Haigh and Mark Priestley during the time of the project, as well as the fact that much of the 60-order code
was in Bartik's handwriting.After the end of the war, Bartik went on to work with the ENIAC designers John Eckert and John Mauchly, and helped them develop the BINAC and UNIVAC I computers. BINAC was the first computer to use magnetic tape instead of punch cards to store data and the first computer to utilize the twin unit concept.  BINAC was purchased by Northrop Aircraft to guide the Snark missile, but the BINAC proved to be too large for their purposes.  However, according to a Northrop Aircraft programmer, claims that the BINAC didn't work once it was moved to Northrop Aircraft were erroneous and the BINAC was working well into the mid-1950s.  Besides BINAC, Jean's more important work involved her responsibilities in designing the UNIVAC's logic circuits among other UNIVAC programming and design tasks. Bartik also co-programmed with her life-long friend Betty Holberton the first generative programming system (SORT/MERGE) for a computer.  Recalling her time working with Eckert and Mauchly on these projects, she described their close group of computer engineers as a "technical Camelot."In the early 1950s, once the Eckert-Mauchly Corporation was sold to Remington Rand Bartik went on to help train on how to program and use the UNIVAC for the first six UNIVACs sold, including the programmers at the United States Census Bureau (first UNIVAC sold) and Atomic Energy Commission.  Later, Bartik moved to Philadelphia when her husband, William "Bill" Bartik, took a job with Remington Rand.  Unfortunately, due to a company policy at the time about husbands and wives working together, Jean was asked to resign from the company. Between 1951 and 1954, prior to her first child's birth, Jean did mostly freelance programming assignments for John Mauchly and was a helpmate to her husband.  Once her son was born, Jean walked away from her career in computing to concentrate on raising a family, during which time she had two other children with her husband. It was sometime during this 1950s period that Bartik began going by the name "Jean" rather than her birth first name "Betty", which is what she had been known as during her ENIAC, UNIVAC and Remington-Rand years.
Even though Bartik played an integral part in developing ENIAC, her work at University of Pennsylvania and on the ENIAC was completely hidden until her pioneering work was documented by columnist Tom Petzinger in several articles for the Wall Street Journal on Bartik and Holberton.


== Later life ==
After getting her master's degree from the University of Pennsylvania in 1967 and making the decision to divorce her husband, Bartik joined the Auerbach Corporation writing and editing technical reports on minicomputers. Bartik remained with Auerbach for eight years, then moved among positions with a variety of other companies for the rest of her career as a manager, writer, and engineer. Jean Bartik and William Bartik divorced by 1968. Bartik ultimately retired from the computing industry in 1986 when her final employer, Data Decisions (a publication of Ziff-Davis), was sold; Bartik spent the following 25 years as a real estate agent.
Bartik died from congestive heart failure in a Poughkeepsie, New York nursing home on March 23, 2011.  She was 86.


== Legacy ==
Starting in 1996, once the importance of their role in the development of computing was re-discovered, Bartik along with Betty Holberton and Bartik's other friend of over 60 years Kathleen Antonelli (ENIAC programmer and wife of ENIAC co-inventor John Mauchly) began to finally receive the acknowledgement and honors for their pioneering work in the early field of computing.  Bartik and Antonelli became invited speakers both at home and abroad to share their experiences working with the ENIAC, BINAC and UNIVAC.  Bartik especially went on to receive many honors and awards for her pioneering role programming the ENIAC, BINAC and UNIVAC, the latter of which helped to launch the commercial computer industry, and for turning the ENIAC into the world's first stored program computer.
In 2010, a documentary called, "Top Secret Rosies: The Female "Computers" of WWII" was released. The film centered around in-depth interviews of three of the six women programmers, focusing on the commendable patriotic contributions they made during World War II. The ENIAC team is also the subject of the 2013 short documentary film The Computers. This documentary, created by Kathy Kleiman and the ENIAC Programmers Project, combines actual footage of the ENIAC team from the 1940s with interviews with the female team members as they reflect on their time working together on the ENIAC. The Computers is the first part of a three-part documentary series, titled Great Unsung Women of Computing: The Computers, The Coders, and The Future Makers.Bartik wrote her autobiography "Pioneer Programmer:  Jean Jennings Bartik and the Computer that Changed the World" prior to her death in 2011 with the help of long-time colleagues, Dr. Jon T. Rickman and Kim D. Todd.  The autobiography was published in 2013 by Truman State Press to positive reviews.
One of the best pieces of advice Bartik ever received was:  "Don't ever let anyone tell you that you can't do something because they think you can't.  You can do anything, achieve anything, if you think you can and you educate yourself to succeed."[1]  Encouraging girls and women to follow their dreams, she said, "If my life has proved anything, it is that women (and girls) should never be afraid to take risks and try new things."The Jean Jennings Bartik Computing Museum at Northwest Missouri State University in Maryville, Missouri is dedicated to the history of computing and Bartik's career.Content-management framework Drupal's default theme, Bartik, is named in honor of her.


== Awards and honors ==
Inductee, Women in Technology International Hall of Fame (1997).
Fellow, Computer History Museum (2008)
IEEE Computer Pioneer Award, IEEE Computer Society (2008)
Korenman Award from the Multinational Center for Development of Women in Technology (2009)


== See also ==
Adele Goldstine
Betty Holberton
Frances Spence
Ruth Teitelbaum
Marlyn Wescoff
Kathleen Antonelli
List of pioneers in computer science
Timeline of women in science


== References ==


== External links ==
ENIAC Programmers documentary
Oral history from Bartik at the UNIVAC conference, Charles Babbage Institute
Jean Jennings Bartik Computing Museum at NWMSU
Bartik receives the Computer Pioneer Award
Oral history given by Bartik to the Computer History Museum in 2008Regina Barzilay (born 1970) is an Israeli-American computer scientist. She is a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a faculty lead for artificial intelligence at the MIT Jameel Clinic. Her research interests are in natural language processing and applications of deep learning to chemistry and oncology.


== Education ==
Barzilay was born in Chișinău, Moldova and emigrated to Israel with her parents at the age of 20. She received bachelor and masters degrees from Ben-Gurion University of the Negev in 1993 and 1998, respectively. She obtained a PhD in computer science from Columbia University in 2003 for research supervised by Kathleen McKeown.


== Career and research ==
After her PhD, she spent a year as a postdoctoral researcher at Cornell University. She was appointed as Delta Electronics Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at MIT in 2016. She was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2014, which prompted her to conduct research in oncology. Barzilay won the MacArthur Fellowship in 2017.For her doctoral dissertation at Columbia University, she led the development of Newsblaster, which recognized stories from different news sources as being about the same basic subject, and then paraphrased elements from the stories to create a summary.In computational linguistics, Barzilay created algorithms that learned annotations from common languages (i.e. English) to analyze less understood languages.
Prompted by her experience with breast cancer, Barzilay is applying machine learning to oncology. She is collaborating with physicians and students to devise deep learning models that utilize images, text, and structured data to identify trends that affect early diagnosis, treatment, and disease prevention.


=== MIT Jameel Clinic ===
In 2018, Barzilay was appointed faculty lead for AI at the new MIT Jameel Clinic, a research center in the field of AI health sciences, including disease detection, drug discovery, and the development of medical devices. In 2020, she was part of the team—with fellow MIT Jameel Clinic faculty lead Professor James J. Collins—that announced the discovery through deep learning of halicin, the first new antibiotic compound for 30 years, which kills over 35 powerful bacteria, including antimicrobial-resistant tuberculosis, the superbug C. difficile, and two of the World Health Organization's top-three most deadly bacteria. In 2020, Collins, Barzilay and the MIT Jameel Clinic were also awarded funding through The Audacious Project to expand on the discovery of halicin in using AI to respond to the antibiotic resistance crisis through the development of new classes of antibiotics.


=== Awards and honours ===
In 2017, Barzilay won the MacArthur Fellowship, known as the "Genius Grant", for "developing machine learning methods that enable computers to process and analyze vast amounts of human language data." She is also a recipient of various awards including the NSF Career Award, the MIT Technology Review TR-35 Award, Microsoft Faculty Fellowship and several Best Paper Awards at NAACL and ACL.  Her teaching has also been recognized by MIT as she won the Jamieson Teaching Award in 2016. She was nominated an AAAI Fellow in 2018 by the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence. In 2020, she became the first recipient of the $1 million AAAI Squirrel AI Award for Artificial Intelligence for the Benefit of Humanity.


== References ==Victor R. Basili (born April 13, 1940 in Brooklyn, New York), is an emeritus professor at the Department of Computer Science, which is part of the University of Maryland College of Computer, Mathematical, and Natural Sciences, and the Institute for Advanced Computer Studies.  He holds a Ph.D. in computer science from the University of Texas at Austin and two honorary degrees. He is a fellow of both the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) and of the Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers (IEEE).From 1982 through 1988 he was chair of the Department of Computer Science at the University of Maryland. He is currently a senior research fellow at the Fraunhofer Center for Experimental Software Engineering - Maryland and from 1997-2004 was its executive director.He is well known for his works on measuring, evaluating, and improving the software development process, as a pioneer of empirical software engineering, especially through his papers on the Goal/Question/Metric Approach, the Quality Improvement Paradigm, and the Experience Factory.
Many of these ideas developed through his affiliation with the NASA Goddard Space Flight Center Software Engineering Laboratory (SEL), which he helped to create and was one of its directors from 1976 through 2002.


== References ==


== Further reading ==
Barry Boehm; Hans Dieter Rombach; Marvin V. Zelkowitz (2005). Foundations of Empirical Software Engineering: The Legacy of Victor R. Basili. Springer-Verlag New York, Inc. ISBN 978-3-540-24547-6.


== External links ==
cs.umd.eduForest Baskett (born May 11, 1943) is an American venture capitalist, computer scientist and former professor of electrical engineering at Stanford University.He is a venture capitalist at New Enterprise Associates. Baskett designed the operating system for the original Cray-1 super-computer and was an original pioneer of Very Large Scale Integration.Baskett received a BA in Mathematics from Rice University, a Ph.D. in Computer Science from the University of Texas at Austin.
He became a member of the National Academy of Engineering in 1994 for his vision and leadership in the development of hardware and software for high-performance workstations.Baskett was the doctoral advisor of computer scientist Andy Bechtolsheim while at Stanford, and was involved in the founding of Sun Microsystems.


== References ==Leonard Joel (Len) Bass (born c.1943) is an American software engineer, Emeritus professor and former researcher at the Software Engineering Institute (SEI), particularly known for his contributions  on software architecture in practice.


== Biography ==
Bass received his Ph.D. degree in Computer Science from Purdue University in 1970 under the supervision of Paul Ruel Young with the thesis, entitled "Hierarchies based on computational complexity and irregularities of class determining measured sets."Bass was appointed Professor of Computer Science at the University of Rhode Island in 1970. In 1986, he moved to the Software Engineering Institute at Carnegie Mellon University, where he started as head of the user-interface software group, and later focused on the analysis of software architectures. Since 2011, he has been Senior Principal Researcher at NICTA (National ICT Australia).Len Bass was awarded the Software Development Magazine's Jolt Productivity Award twice in 1999 and 2003.


== Selected publications ==
Books

Bass, L., Clements, P., Kazman, R. (1st ed. 1998, 2nd ed. 2003, 3rd ed. 2012). Software Architecture in Practice. Pearson Education
Clements, P., Bass, L., Garlan, D., Ivers, J., Little, R., Nord, R., Stafford, J. (1st ed. 2002, 2nd ed. 2011). Documenting software architectures: views and beyond. Pearson Education.
Bass, L., Weber, I., Zhu, L. (2015). DevOps: A Software Architect's Perspective. Addison-Wesley Professional.Articles and reports, a selection:
Kazman, R., Bass, L., Webb, M., & Abowd, G. (1994, May). "SAAM: A method for analyzing the properties of software architectures." In Proceedings of the 16th international conference on Software engineering (pp. 81–90). IEEE Computer Society Press.
Abowd, G., Bass, L., Clements, P., Kazman, R., & Northrop, L. (1997).Recommended Best Industrial Practice for Software Architecture Evaluation(No. CMU/SEI-96-TR-025). Carnegie-Mellon Univ Pittsburgh Pa Software Engineering Inst.
Kazman, R., Abowd, G., Bass, L., & Clements, P. (1996). "Scenario-based analysis of software architecture." IEEE Software, 13(6):47–55.


== Presentations ==
Bass, L. [lenbass]. (2016, July 31). Networking [Video file].
Bass, L. [lenbass]. (2016, July 30). Virtual Machine [Video file].


== References ==


== External links ==
Len Bass at the Software Engineering Institute
Len Bass at NICTABruce Wayne Bastian (born March 23, 1948) is an American computer programmer, businessperson, philanthropist, and social activist.  He co-founded the WordPerfect Software Company with Alan Ashton in 1978 (originally known as Satellite Software International and then changed to WordPerfect Corporation in 1982).


== Early life and education ==
Bastian was born on March 23, 1948, in Twin Falls, Idaho. He attended college at Brigham Young University (BYU) in Provo, Utah, where he initially majored in music. While serving as the director of the BYU Cougar Marching Band, Bastian developed a software program to help choreograph marching band performances with the help of instructor Alan Ashton. After leaving his position with the marching band, he went on to earn his master's degree in computer science.


== Career ==
Upon graduating in the spring of 1978, Bastian briefly worked for Ashton and another partner, developing word processing software.  When that company closed due to inadequate funding, Bastian took a job with the Eyring Research Institute (ERI).  At ERI, Bastian briefly worked on a language translation program (unrelated to WordPerfect).  Within a few months of his employment at ERI, the company signed a contract with Orem City, Utah, to produce a word processor for the city's new DEC PDP-11/34 mini computer.  Since Bastian was the only employee at ERI who had any development experience with word processing, the company contracted with Bastian and Ashton to develop what would become WordPerfect. Originally the word processor was written in DEC Assembler Language.  It was later ported to the IBM PC.At one time Bastian's net worth was estimated at $1.4 billion, earning him a place on the Forbes list of the 500 wealthiest people in America.


== Philanthropy ==
Bastian has long been a major donor to Utah's cultural arts.  Among these is the Bastian Foundation Diversity Lecture Series at Westminster College, Salt Lake City. Somewhere along the way, "philanthropy transitioned to activism". Bastian contributed half of the Don't Amend Alliance's budget for fighting Utah's constitutional amendment defining marriage as between only a man and a woman.  (The amendment passed in 2004.)
A native of Twin Falls, Idaho, he was a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS), served as a Mormon missionary in Italy, married in the LDS temple and had a family prior to coming out and later becoming a social activist for gay rights.
He is a member of the board of directors of the Human Rights Campaign (HRC), the US's largest gay and lesbian political action committee, and was grand marshal of the Utah Pride Festival's parade in 2004.On July 26, 2008, at the San Francisco Human Rights Campaign dinner, Bastian announced he was donating $1 million to HRC, designated to fight California Proposition 8 (2008), which eliminated same-sex marriage in California.  He was the first individual to pledge such a large amount to fight the proposition.
He is the executive producer of 8: The Mormon Proposition, a film about the LDS church's involvement in California Proposition 8 (2008), and the 2007 documentary For the Bible Tells Me So.  He was also the first major donor to the National Equality March.
In 2010, in honor of Bastian's long-term commitment to the arts, President Barack Obama appointed him to the Presidential Advisory Committee of the Arts.


== References ==


== External links ==
B.W. Bastian Foundation
Philanthropist and WordPerfect Co-Founder Bruce Bastian, Interview on Mormon StoriesKen Batcher, full name Kenneth Edward Batcher  (December 1935 – August 2019) was an emeritus professor of Computer Science at Kent State University. He also worked as a computer architect at Goodyear Aerospace in Akron, Ohio for 28 years.


== Early life and education ==
He was born in December 1935 in Queens, New York City, to Lois and Ralph Batcher.  He died in August 2019 in Stow Ohio. His parents met at Iowa State University and later relocated to New York City after graduation.   His father, Ralph R. Batcher, was the Chief Engineer of The A. H. Grebe Radio Company until its bankruptcy in 1932. He graduated from Brooklyn Technical High School. 
Batcher graduated from Iowa State University with B.E. degree in 1957. In 1964, Batcher received his Ph.D. in electrical engineering from the University of Illinois.


== His career and achievements ==
Among the designs he worked on at Goodyear were the:

Massively Parallel Processor (16,384 custom bit-serial processors {8 to a chip} organized in a SIMD 128 x 128 processor array with additional CPU rows for fault-tolerance) which was located at the NASA Goddard Space Flight Center, and is now in the Smithsonian. This unit predates Danny Hillis' Thinking Machines Corporation's Connection Machine
The Goodyear STARAN associative processor arrays, a version of which (called ASPRO) was found in the US Navy Northrop Grumman E-2 Hawkeye radar planes.He published several technical papers and owns 14 patents of his own. "He discovered two parallel sorting algorithms: the odd-even mergesort and the bitonic mergesort". He is also a discoverer of scrambling data method in a random access memory which allows accesses along multiple dimensions. These memories were used in the STARAN and the MPP parallel processors.


== Awards ==
In 1980 he received an Arnstein Award presented by Goodyear Aerospace Corporation for technical achievement.In 1990, Batcher was awarded the ACM/IEEE Eckert-Mauchly Award for his pioneering work on parallel computers.  He holds 14 patents.
In 2007, Batcher was awarded the IEEE Seymour Cray Computer Engineering Award; "For fundamental theoretical and practical contributions to massively parallel computation, including parallel sorting algorithms, interconnection networks, and pioneering designs of the STARAN and MPP computers."
He is credited with discovering two important parallel sorting algorithms: the odd-even mergesort and the bitonic mergesort.Batcher is known for his half-serious, half-humorous definition that "A supercomputer is a device for turning compute-bound problems into I/O-bound problems."


== Publications ==
Sorting Networks and their Applications, 1968 Spring Joint Computer Conference, AFIPS Proc. vol. 32, pp 307–314.As author or co-author in "Journal articles"
On the Number of Stable States in a NOR Network, IEEE Trans. on Computers, vol. EC-14, no. 6, pp 931–932, Dec. 1965.
The Multi-Dimensional Access Memory in STARAN, IEEE Trans. on Computers, vol. C-26, no. 2, pp 174–177, Feb. 1977.
Design of a Massively Parallel Processor, IEEE Trans. on Computers, vol. C-29, no. 9, pp 836–840, Sept. 1980.
Bit-Serial Parallel Processing Systems, IEEE Trans. on Computers, vol. C-31, no. 5, pp 377–384, May 1982.
Adding Multiple-Fault Tolerance to Generalized Cube Networks, IEEE Trans. on Parallel and Distributed Systems vol. 5, no. 8, pp 785–792, Aug. 1994 (co-authored with C. J. Shih).
A Multiway Merge Sorting Network, IEEE Trans. on Parallel and Distributed Systems, vol. 6, no. 2, pp 211–215, Feb. 1995 (co-authored with De-Lei Lee).
Minimizing Communication in the Bitonic Sort, IEEE Trans. on Parallel and Distributed Systems, vol. 11, no. 5, pp 459–474, May 2000 (co-authored with Jae-Dong Lee).


== Book chapters authored by Kenneth E. Batcher ==
The STARAN Computer, Infotech State of the Art Report on Supercomputers, vol. 2, pp 33–49, 1979.
MPP: A High-Speed Image Processor, Algorithmically Specialized Parallel Computers, edited by Snyder, Jamieson, Gannon, and Siegel, Academic Press, 1985, pp 59–68.
The Massively Parallel Processor System Overview, The Massively Parallel Processor, edited by J. L. Potter, The MIT Press, 1985, pp 142–149.
Array Unit, The Massively Parallel Processor edited by J. L. Potter, The MIT Press, 1985, pp 150–169.
Array Control Unit, The Massively Parallel Processor edited by J. L. Potter, The MIT Press, 1985, pp 170–190.
Staging Memory, The Massively Parallel Processor edited by J. L. Potter, The MIT Press, 1985, pp 191–204.
MPP System Software, The Massively Parallel Processor edited by J. L. Potter, The MIT Press, 1985, pp 261–275.
Retrospective: Architecture of a Massively Parallel Processor, 25 Years of the Int'l. Symposia on Computer Architecture - Selected Papers, edited by Gurindar Sohi, ACM Press, 1998, pp 15–16.


== U.S. patents with Kenneth E. Batcher as the inventor or one of the inventors ==
The patent number is followed by the title and the year issued.
3,183,363 Logic Mechanization System, 1965 (multiple inventors)
3,300,762 Multiple Response Resolver Apparatus, 1967
3,418,632 Means for Merging Sequences of Data, 1968
3,428,946 Means for Merging Data 1969
3,605,024 Apparatus for Shifting Data in a Long Register, 1971
3,681,781 Storing and Retrieval Method, 1972
3,711,692 Determination of Number of Ones in a Data Field by Addition, 1973
3,786,448 Multiple Access Plated Wire Memory, 1974 (multiple inventors)
3,800,289 Multi-Dimensional Access Solid State Memory, 1974
3,812,467 Permutation Network, 1974
3,936,806 Solid State Associative Processor Organization, 1976
4,314,349 Processing Element for Parallel Array Processors, 1982
4,727,474 Staging Memory for Massively Parallel Processor, 1988
5,153,843 Layout of Large Multistage Interconnection Networks, 1992


== See also ==
Batcher odd–even mergesort
Bitonic sorter


== References ==

Batcher, K. E., "Design of a Massively Parallel Processor," IEEE Transactions on Computers, Vol. C29, September 1980, 836-840.


== External links ==
Batcher's web page at Kent State University
University of Illinois (21 February 1962). MEETING OF THE BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS (PDF). p. 1351.


== Literature ==
Leonard Uhr. Multi-Computer Architectures for Artificial Intelligence: Toward Fast, Robust, Parallel Systems. — John Wiley & Sons, 1987. — 358 p. — ISBN 9780471849797.
Laxmikant V. Kalé, Edgar Solomonik Sorting (англ.) // Encyclopedia of Parallel Computing : encyclopedia — Springer, 2011. — P. 1855-1861. — ISBN 978-0-387-09765-7.
Selim G. Akl Bitonic Sort (англ.) // Encyclopedia of Parallel Computing : encyclopedia. — Springer, 2011. — P. 139-146. — ISBN 978-0-387-09765-7.
Sherenaz W. Al-Haj Baddar, Kenneth E. Batcher. Bitonic merging // Designing Sorting Networks: A New Paradigm. — Springer, 2012. — С. 2-5. — 148 с. — ISBN 978-1461418504.
Donald E. Knuth. Networks for sorting // The art of computer programming. — 2. — Addison-Wesley, 1998. — Т. 3. — С. 212-247. — 780 с. — ISBN 9780201896855.
Thomas H. Cormen, Charles E. Leiserson, Ronald L. Rivest, Clifford Stein. Bitonic sorting // Introduction to algorithms. — 2. — MIT Press, 2001. — С. 608-611. — 984 с. — ISBN 9780070131514.
Berthold Vöcking, Helmut Alt, Martin Dietzfelbinger, Rüdiger Reischuk, Christian Scheideler, Heribert Vollmer, Dorothea Wagner. Algorithms Unplugged. — Springer, 2010. — С. 36. — 406 с. — ISBN 9783642153280.
The SIMD Model of Parallel Computation. Robert Cypher, Jorge L.C. Sanz. — Springer, 2012. — С. 28. — 149 с. — ISBN 9783642153280.
Maurice Herlihy, Nir Shavit. The Art of Multiprocessor Programming, Revised Reprint. — Elsevier, 2012. — С. 292. — 536 с. — ISBN 9780123977953.
Russ Miller, Laurence Boxer. Bitonic sort on parallel computers // Algorithms Sequential & Parallel: A Unified Approach. — Cengage Learning, 2012. — С. 146-148. — 416 с. — ISBN 9781133366805.Madeleine Ashcraft Bates (born c. 1948) is a researcher in natural language processing who worked at BBN Technologies in Cambridge, Massachusetts from the early 1970s to the late 1990s. She was president of the Association for Computational Linguistics in 1985, and co-editor of the book Challenges in Natural Language Processing (1993).


== Education and career ==
Bates was a student at Allegheny College before transferring to Carnegie Mellon University, where she majored in mathematics, graduating in 1968. She completed her Ph.D. in applied mathematics at Harvard University in 1975, working there with Bill Woods on augmented transition networks.While a student at Harvard, she began working part-time at BBN in 1971. After completing her Ph.D., she was an assistant professor at Boston University for three years before becoming a full-time researcher at BBN.


== Personal life ==
Bates married chemist Alan Hunt Bates in summer 1968; he later became a professor at the University of Massachusetts Dartmouth. Her mother, Madeleine DeMuth Ashcraft (died 1990), was a long-term sufferer of Huntington's disease, and Bates has been an activist for the treatment of Huntington's disease, serving as president of the Massachusetts Chapter of the committee to Combat Huntington's Disease.


== Selected publications ==
Bates, M. (February 1975), "The use of syntax in a speech understanding system", IEEE Transactions on Acoustics, Speech, and Signal Processing, 23 (1): 112–117, doi:10.1109/tassp.1975.1162640
Bates, Madeleine (1978), "The theory and practice of augmented transition network grammars",  in Bolc, Leonard (ed.), Natural Language Communication with Computers, Lecture Notes in Computer Science, vol. 63, Springer-Verlag, pp. 191–254, doi:10.1007/bfb0031372
Bates, Madeleine (1982), "AI Research at Bolt, Beranek & Newman, Inc", AI Magazine, 3 (2): 44–46
Bates, Madeleine; Weischedel, Ralph M., eds. (1993), Challenges in Natural Language Processing, Studies in Natural Language Processing, Cambridge University Press
Hirschman, L.; Tzoukermann, E.; Bates, M.; Dahl, D.; Fisher, W.; Garofolo, J.; Pallett, D.; Hunicke-Smith, K.; Price, P.; Rudnicky, A. (1993), "Multi-site data collection and evaluation in spoken language understanding", Proceedings of the Workshop on Human Language Technology - HLT '93 (PDF), Association for Computational Linguistics, doi:10.3115/1075671.1075676
Dahl, Deborah A.; Bates, Madeleine; Brown, Michael; Fisher, William; Hunicke-Smith, Kate; Pallett, David; Pao, Christine; Rudnicky, Alexander; Shriberg, Elizabeth (1994), "Expanding the scope of the ATIS task", Proceedings of the workshop on Human Language Technology - HLT '94 (PDF), Association for Computational Linguistics, doi:10.3115/1075812.1075823
Bates, M. (October 1995), "Models of natural language understanding", Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, 92 (22): 9977–9982, Bibcode:1995PNAS...92.9977B, doi:10.1073/pnas.92.22.9977, PMC 40721, PMID 7479812
Bates, Madeleine; Bobrow, Robert J. (1997), "Using BBN VALAD: Speech at the Logistics Anchor Desk", 5th Applied Natural Language Processing Conference, ANLP 1997, Marriott Hotel, Washington, USA, March 31 - April 3, 1997, Association for Computational Linguistics, p. 35, doi:10.3115/974281.974303


== References ==Don Batory is an American computer scientist, currently the David Bruton, Jr. Centennial Professor at University of Texas at Austin.Don Batory was the first person to receive the most influential paper award which was established by the Software Product Line Conference in 2016 He received a B.S. (1975) and M.Sc. (1977) degrees from Case Institute of Technology, and a Ph.D. (1980) from the University of Toronto. He was a faculty member at the University of Florida in 1981 before he joined the University of Texas in 1983. He was Associate Editor of IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering (1999-2002), Associate Editor of ACM Transactions on Database Systems (1986-1992), member of the ACM Software Systems Award Committee (1989-1993; Committee Chairman in 1992), Program Co-Chair for the 2002 Generative Programming and Component Engineering Conference. He is a proponent of Feature Oriented Software Development (FOSD).


== References ==Siddharth Batra is a computer scientist, researcher, and entrepreneur who has authored several papers in the area of artificial intelligence. Batra co-founded Thrive Financial, Inc. in 2017 to provide financial services to students based on upcoming jobs and is currently serving as the chief technology officer.


== Biography ==
Batra obtained his B.S. from Jaypee Institute of Information Technology and M.S. in computer science from Stanford University under the supervision of Andrew Ng. At Stanford, Batra worked on the STAIR (Stanford Artificial Intelligence Robot)  where he wrote a thesis on High-accuracy 3d sensing for mobile manipulation as well as a paper on energy disaggregation. Batra, together with Ashutosh Saxena and Andrew Ng, invented a patented system for augmenting video content  and used it to create a video advertising company ZunaVision which was funded by Stanford professor David Cheriton.In 2013, Batra joined Twitter and went on to become a Director of Engineering in the Ads team. In 2017, Batra co-founded Thrive Financial Inc.


== References ==Cynthia Mathis Beath (born 1944) is an American economist and Professor Emerita at the Department of Information, Risk and Operations Management at the McCombs School of Business,


== Biography ==
Beath obtained her BA in Psychology from Duke University in 1966, and later studied at University of California, Los Angeles, where she obtained her MBA in Computer and Information Systems in 1975, and her PhD in Computer and Information Systems in 1986
Beath started her career in private industry, where she held positions in information systems development and in consultancy. She was appointed Professor at the Department of Information, Risk and Operations Management at the McCombs School of Business. She is also affiliated with the MIT Center for Information Systems Research.Beath received a Fulbright Scholar award in 1993; a Decision, Risk, and Management Science Program (DRMS) Program Grant of the National Science Foundation in 1998; and an Advanced Practices Council (APC) grant from the Society for Information Management (SIM) in 2006.Her research interests are in the fields of information system (development, implementation, management and maintenance) and information services, particularly the design of organizations and the management of vendor-client relationships.


== Selected publications ==
Beath authored and co-authored many publications in her field of expertise. Books:

Swanson, E. Burton, and Cynthia Mathis Beath. Maintaining information systems in organizations. John Wiley & Sons, Inc., 1989.
Ross, Jeanne W., Cynthia Mathis Beath, and Martin Mocker. Designed for Digital: How to architect your business for sustained success. MIT Press. 2019.Articles, a selection:

Beath, Cynthia Mathis. "Supporting the information technology champion." MIS Quarterly (1991): 355-372.
Ang, Soon, and Cynthia Mathis Beath. "Hierarchical elements in software contracts." Journal of Organizational Computing and Electronic Commerce 3.3 (1993): 329-361.
Beath, Cynthia Mathis, and Wanda J. Orlikowski. "The contradictory structure of systems development methodologies: deconstructing the IS-user relationship in information engineering." Information Systems Research 5.4 (1994): 350-377.
Silver, Mark S., M. Lynne Markus, and Cynthia Mathis Beath. "The information technology interaction model: a foundation for the MBA core course." MIS Quarterly (1995): 361-390.
Ross, Jeanne W., Cynthia Mathis Beath, and Dale L. Goodhue. "Develop long-term competitiveness through IT assets." Sloan management review 38.1 (1996): 31-42.
Ross, Jeanne W., Cynthia Mathis Beath. "Beyond the Business Case: New Approaches to IT Investment." Sloan Management Review 43.2 (2002): 51-59.
Ross, Jeanne W., Cynthia Mathis Beath, Anne Quaadras. "You May Not Need Big Data After All." Harvard Business Review 91.12 (2013): 90-98.


== References ==


== External links ==
Cynthia Beath at McCombs School of BusinessJoseph D. Becker is one of the co-founders of the Unicode project, and a Technical Vice President Emeritus of the Unicode Consortium. He has worked on artificial intelligence at BBN and multilingual workstation software at Xerox.
Becker has long been involved in the issues of multilingual computing in general and Unicode in particular.  His 1984 paper in Scientific American, "Multilingual Word Processing", was a seminal work on some of the problems involved, including the need to distinguish characters and glyphs. Following the release of the paper in 1987, he and two others began investigations into the practicality of creating a universal character set. Becker teamed up with his colleague Lee Collins who worked alongside him at Xerox and Mark Davis of Apple.  It was Becker who coined the word "Unicode" to cover the project. His article Unicode 88, contained the first public summary of the principles originally underlying the Unicode standard.


== References ==Mike (Miguel) Beedle was an American theoretical physicist turned software engineer who was a co-author of the Agile Manifesto.He was the co-author of the first book and earliest papers about Scrum. Later he coined the term "Enterprise Scrum", developed his ideas into a canvases-based approach, and promoted Enterprise Scrum as a framework for scaling the practices and benefits of Scrum across entire organizations.


== Agile Manifesto ==
In 2001 Beedle was one of the seventeen people who created and signed the Manifesto for Agile Software Development. He had been invited by Martin Fowler and Robert C. Martin because of his involvement in the early adoption of Scrum and the organizational patterns community. Beedle was one of the first to follow in implementing Scrum after Jeff Sutherland and Ken Schwaber, and collaborated on writing the Scrum patterns article, which was the second published paper on Scrum.The Agile Uprising podcast has published an interview with Beedle from Snowbird ski resort, where he collaborated on the creation of the Agile Manifesto. Beedle recalled that he had proposed the term "Agile" which ultimately filtered through a process of selection with the other signatories:
"I can tell you I came up with that word (Agile) because I was familiar with the book Agile Competitors and Virtual Organisations. We had proposed Adaptive, Essential, Lean and Lightweight. We did not want to use Adaptive because Jim Highsmith had given this to one of his works. Essential sounded overly proud. Lean had already been taken. Nobody wanted to be a lightweight. We did this late in the second day and it took only a few minutes to decide on this."


== Scrum ==
He was the second adopter of Scrum, and contributed to the framework development by implementing into his companies and coaching other organizations in the same direction.
The main idea behind Scrum was to create a team that would resemble artificial life, a robot, or an adaptive system, that would adapt and learn through “social intelligence”. Mike Beedle had a Ph. D. in Physics, and his master's thesis was about chaotic and non-linear systems.  Joining this two concepts was what allowed Ken Schwaber, Jeff Sutherland and Mike Beedle to point about "creating a team at the edge of chaos". Both directions pointed to the same end game:  creating a hyper-productive team that worked as an adaptive system at the edge of chaos through patterns.
In 2001, Beedle worked with Ken Schwaber to describe the method in the book, Agile Software Development with Scrum. Scrum's approach to planning and managing product development involves bringing decision-making authority to the level of operation properties and certainties.


== Contributions to Agile and Scrum Worlds ==
His ideas about how to optimize a team in front of chaos, evolved from his personal research at University, later contributed to Agile Manifesto conception, and during his entire professional life continuously evolving and improving Agile approaches to the entire organization, and sharing all this knowledge around the World by participating in every kind of Agile events.
Mike Beedle and his companies have introduced Scrum, Enterprise Scrum and Business Agility, to tens of thousands of people and thousands of companies, providing training, consulting, mentoring, and coaching. He is the creator of the Enterprise Scrum framework and was the first CEO to manage an entire company in an Agile way using Enterprise Scrum. He was a keynote speaker at countless Agile and Scrum conferences worldwide.


== Works ==
SCRUM: An extension pattern language for hyperproductive software development (the second published paper on Scrum).
Schwaber, Ken (February 1, 2004). Agile Project Management with Scrum. Microsoft Press. ISBN 978-0-7356-1993-7.
Schwaber, Ken; Beedle, Mike (February 18, 2002). Agile Software Development with Scrum. Prentice Hall. ISBN 978-0-13-067634-4.


== Death ==
Beedle was killed in Chicago in an apparent robbery.After his death, Scrum creator Jeff Sutherland posted, "The Scrum and Agile community lost a giant this weekend. Mike Beedle was a close friend and inspiration to many of us."  The Scrum Alliance said, "Mike and his companies have introduced Scrum, Enterprise Scrum and Business Agility, to tens of thousands of people and thousands of companies, providing training, consulting, mentoring, and coaching. He is the creator of the Enterprise Scrum framework and was the first CEO to manage an entire company in an Agile way using Enterprise Scrum. He was a keynote speaker at countless Agile and Scrum conferences world-wide."


== References ==


== External links ==
EnterpriseScrum.com
Scrum.org
http://wiki.c2.com/?MikeBeedleElizabeth Michelle Belding is a computer scientist specializing in mobile computing and wireless networks.
She is a professor of computer science at the University of California, Santa Barbara.


== Education and career ==
Belding graduated from Florida State University in 1996 with two degrees: one in computer science and a second in applied mathematics. Both degrees were Summa Cum Laude with Honors.
She went to the University of California, Santa Barbara on a National Science Foundation Graduate Fellowship, and
completed her Ph.D. in electrical and computer engineering in 2000. Her dissertation, under the name Elizabeth Michelle Royer, was Routing in Ad hoc Mobile Networks: On-Demand and Hierarchical Strategies, and was jointly supervised by P. Michael Melliar-Smith and Louise Moser.She has been a member of the computer science faculty at the University of California, Santa Barbara since 2000.


== Recognition ==
Belding was named Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) in 2014 for "contributions to mobile and wireless networking and communication protocols".
She was elected as an ACM Fellow in 2018 for "contributions to communication in mobile networks and their deployment in developing regions".One of her publications, on Ad hoc On-Demand Distance Vector Routing in mobile networks, was selected for the SIGMOBILE Test of Time Award in 2018.


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website
Elizabeth Belding publications indexed by Google ScholarNicholas J. Belkin is a professor at the School of Communication and Information at Rutgers University. Among the main themes of his research are digital libraries; information-seeking behaviors; and interaction between humans and information retrieval systems. Belkin is best known for his work on human-centered Information Retrieval and the hypothesis of Anomalous State of Knowledge (ASK). Belkin realized that in many cases, users of search systems are unable to precisely formulate what they need. They miss some vital knowledge to formulate their queries. In such cases it is more suitable to attempt to describe a user's anomalous state of knowledge than to ask the user to specify her/his need as a request to the system.Belkin was the chair of SIGIR in 1995-99, and the president of American Society for Information Science and Technology in 2005. In 2015, Belkin received the Gerard Salton Award.


== Biography ==
Nicholas Belkin studied Slavic Philology at the University of Washington, graduating in 1968. He graduated from the same college in Library Science 2 years later (1970), and read his doctoral thesis in 1977 in the University of London. He worked in the Information Science department of this university from 1975 to 1985. That year, he signed for the Faculty of Communication and Information at Rutgers University (USA).
He has been a visiting professor at Western Ontario University (Canada) and Free University of Berlin. He has been a visiting researcher at the National University of Singapore in 1996. He has given more than 200 lectures around the world.
He has been president of Association for Computing Machinery SIGIR (Special Interest Group on Information Retrieval) during the period 1995-1999, and president of the American Society of Information Science and Technology (ASIST) in 2005.
Nicholas Belkin has served on numerous editorial boards of numerous scientific journals. Among the most prestigious are "Information Processing and Management" and "Information Retrieval".


== Works ==
Nicholas Belkin has approached information retrieval from the so-called  cognitive models , that is, those focused on users who access document systems. Belkin approached his research from 3 basic lines:

Empirical studies on the behavior of the user who searches information.
The creation of expert systems models.
Design of interfaces friendly for the user.In 1977, Belkin read his thesis where he developed a new theory of the concept  documentary information . This would be a structure that would allow the user to transform his  anomalous state of knowledge  (Anomalous State of Knowledge or ASK), when the need for information is satisfied, producing an adequate connection between the two ends of the documentary process: the producer and the receiver or user.
For Belkin, the purpose towards which Documentation works is to make this effective communication possible, which would imply the study of documentary information in human and cognitive communication systems, the connection between this information and its producer, the connection between information and user, gives the idea of the requested information and the effectiveness between information and document and its transmission process.
Belkin concludes that the concept of documentary information is the combination of a cognitive communication system, a structural representation of knowledge, the implementation of the project via user when he recognizes the need for information (ASK9, the meaning of the text ( message) and the interest in solving the problem of information science. This theory has also been developed by Oddy and Brooks.
Nicholas Belkin proposed a novel cognitive model of information retrieval, referred to as  'episodic' . In this, Belkin defines a set of interactions that occur between the user and the system during the consultation to "conceptualize, label and transcribe the need for information, as well as make relevant judgments about one or more documents." The components would be the same as those used in the traditional model: navigation (browsing), query (querying), display, indexing, representation and matching.
This model pays very little attention to the structure of documents and their retrieval, because it focuses on the anomalous state of knowledge of the individual, how to represent it, how to retrieve it, so it is based on the storage, retrieval and interaction of the search strategy.


== Awards and published works ==
Nicholas Belkin has been awarded numerous times, obtaining in 2003 the ASIST Award for Academic Merit, and the Gerard Salton Award in 2015.
Belkin has published numerous articles in the most prestigious magazines in the field of Information and Documentation, some awarded by the ASIST. He is also the author of the book:  Interaction in Information Systems: A Review of Research from Document Retrieval to Knowledge-
Based Systems  (1985) co-authored with Alina Vickery.


== References ==


== External links ==
Nicholas J. Belkin's home page at Rutgers
Personal page of Nicholas Belkin
BibliographyChester Gordon Bell (born August 19, 1934) is an American electrical engineer and manager. An early employee of Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) 1960–1966, Bell designed several of their PDP machines and later became Vice President of Engineering 1972–1983, overseeing the development of the VAX. Bell's later career includes entrepreneur, investor, founding Assistant Director of NSF's Computing and Information Science and Engineering Directorate 1986–1987, and researcher emeritus at Microsoft Research, 1995–2015.


== Early life and education ==
Gordon Bell was born in Kirksville, Missouri. He grew up helping with the family business, Bell Electric, repairing appliances and wiring homes.Bell received a B.S. (1956), and M.S. (1957) in electrical engineering from MIT. He then went to the New South Wales University of Technology (now UNSW) in Australia on a Fulbright Scholarship, where he taught classes on computer design, programmed one of the first computers to arrive in Australia (called UTECOM, an English Electric DEUCE) and published his first academic paper. Returning to the U.S., he worked in the MIT Speech Computation Laboratory under Professor Ken Stevens, where he wrote the first Analysis by Synthesis program.


== Career ==


=== Digital Equipment Corporation ===
The DEC founders Ken Olsen and Harlan Anderson recruited him for their new company in 1960, where he designed the I/O subsystem of the PDP-1, including the first UART.  Bell was the architect of the PDP-4, and PDP-6.  Other architectural contributions were to the PDP-5 and PDP-11 Unibus and General Registers architecture.After DEC, Bell went to Carnegie Mellon University in 1966 to teach computer science, but returned to DEC in 1972 as vice-president of engineering, where he was in charge of the VAX, DEC's most successful computer.


=== Entrepreneur and policy advisor ===
Bell retired from DEC in 1983 as the result of a heart attack, but soon after founded Encore Computer, one of the first shared memory, multiple-microprocessor computers to use the snooping cache structure.
During the 1980s he became involved with public policy, becoming the first and founding Assistant Director of the CISE Directorate of the NSF, and led the cross-agency group that specified the NREN.
Bell also established the ACM Gordon Bell Prize (administered by the ACM and IEEE) in 1987 to encourage development in parallel processing.  The first Gordon Bell Prize was won by researchers at the Parallel Processing Division of Sandia National Laboratory for work done on the 1000-processor nCUBE 10 hypercube.
He was a founding member of Ardent Computer in 1986, becoming VP of R&D 1988, and remained until it merged with Stellar in 1989, to become Stardent Computer.


=== Microsoft Research ===
Between 1991 and 1995, Bell advised Microsoft in its efforts to start a research group, then joined it full-time in August 1995, studying telepresence and related ideas. He is the experiment subject for the MyLifeBits project, an experiment in life-logging (not the same as life-blogging) and an attempt to fulfill Vannevar Bush's vision of an automated store of the documents, pictures (including those taken automatically), and sounds an individual has experienced in his lifetime, to be accessed with speed and ease. For this, Bell has digitized all documents he has read or produced, CDs, emails, and so on. He continues to do so, gathering web pages browsed, phone and instant messaging conversations and the like more or less automatically.


== Honors ==
Bell was elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering in 1977 for contributions to the architecture of minicomputers. He is also a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences (1994), American Association for the Advancement of Science (1983), Association for Computing Machinery (1994), IEEE (1974), and member of the National Academy of Sciences (2007), and Fellow of the Australian Academy of Technological Sciences and Engineering (2009).
He is also a member of the advisory board of TTI/Vanguard and a former member of the Sector Advisory Committee of Australia's Information and Communication Technology Division of the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation.
Bell was the first recipient of the IEEE John von Neumann Medal, in 1992.  His other awards include Fellow of the Computer History Museum, honorary D. Eng. from WPI, the AeA Inventor Award, the Vladimir Karapetoff Outstanding Technical Achievement Award of Eta Kappa Nu, and the 1991 National Medal of Technology by President George H.W. Bush. He was also named an Eta Kappa Nu Eminent Member in 2007.
In 1993, Worcester Polytechnic Institute awarded Bell an Honorary Doctor of Engineering, and in 2010, Bell received an honorary Doctor of Science and Technology degree from Carnegie Mellon University. The university referred to him as "the father of the minicomputer".
Bell co-founded The Computer Museum, Boston, Massachusetts, with his wife Gwen Bell in 1979. He was a founding board member of its successor, the Computer History Museum, Mountain View, California.  In 2003, he was made a Fellow of the Museum "for his key role in the minicomputer revolution, and for contributions as a computer architect and entrepreneur."  The story of the museum's evolution beginning in the early 1970s with Ken Olsen at Digital Equipment Corporation is described in the Microsoft Technical Report MSR-TR-2011-44, "Out of a Closet: The Early Years of The Computer [x]* Museum". A timeline of computing historical machines, events, and people is given on his website. It covers from B.C. to the present.


== Bell's law of computer classes ==

Bell's law of computer classes was first described in 1972 with the emergence of a new, lower priced microcomputer class based on the microprocessor.  Established market class computers are introduced at a constant price with increasing functionality and performance.  Technology advances in semiconductors, storage, interfaces and networks enable a new computer class (platform) to form about every decade to serve a new need. Each new usually lower priced class is maintained as a quasi independent industry (market). Classes include: mainframes (1960s), minicomputers (1970s), networked workstations and personal computers (1980s), browser-web-server structure (1990s), palm computing (1995), web services (2000s), convergence of cell phones and computers (2003), and Wireless Sensor Networks aka motes (2004). Bell predicted that home and body area networks would form by 2010.


== Books ==
(with Allen Newell) Computer Structures: Readings and Examples (1971, ISBN 0-07-004357-4)
(with C. Mudge and J. McNamara) Computer Engineering (1978, ISBN 0-932376-00-2)
(with Dan Siewiorek and Allen Newell) Computer Structures: Readings and Examples (1982, ISBN 0-07-057302-6)
(with J. McNamara) High Tech Ventures: The Guide for Entrepreneurial Success (1991, ISBN 0-201-56321-5)
(with Jim Gemmell) Total Recall: How the E-Memory Revolution will Change Everything (2009, ISBN 978-0-525-95134-6)
(with Jim Gemmell) Your Life Uploaded: The Digital Way to Better Memory, Health, and Productivity (2010, ISBN 978-0-452-29656-5)


== See also ==
MyLifeBits
Microsoft SenseCam
Lifelog


== References ==


== Further reading ==
Wilkinson, Alec, "Remember This?" The New Yorker, 28 May 2007, pp. 38–44.


== External links ==
CBS Evening News video interview on the MyLifeBits Project, 2007.Robert L. Belleville is an American computer engineer who was an early head of engineering at Apple from 1982 until 1985.

Belleville worked at Xerox, where he was a primary designer of the hardware for the Xerox Star. Steve Jobs is said to have invited him to join Apple by saying, "Everything you've ever done in your life is s---, ... so why don't you come work for me?" In May 1982, he became software manager for the Macintosh 128K; in August that year he became engineering manager of the Macintosh division. As Apple Director of Engineering, he played a major role in developing the LaserWriter. He resigned from Apple in summer 1985 after Jobs announced his resignation, and later worked at Silicon Graphics.In Alex Gibney's documentary Steve Jobs: The Man in the Machine, Belleville said that the pressure of working at Apple had ended his marriage and that Jobs "[was always apparently] seducing you, vilifying you, or ignoring you", but he cried when he recalled working for him.


== References ==


== Further reading ==
Becker, Joseph D. (1998-09-10) [1988-08-29]. "Unicode 88" (PDF). unicode.org (10th anniversary reprint ed.). Unicode Consortium. Archived from the original (PDF) on 2016-11-25. Retrieved 2016-10-25. In 1978, the initial proposal for a set of "Universal Signs" was made by Bob Belleville at Xerox PARC. Many persons contributed ideas to the development of a new encoding design. Beginning in 1980, these efforts evolved into the Xerox Character Code Standard (XCCS) by the present author, a multilingual encoding which has been maintained by Xerox as an internal corporate standard since 1982, through the efforts of Ed Smura, Ron Pellar, and others.
"The Final Demonstration of the Xerox 'Star' Computer, 1981" (PDF) (transcript). Computer History Museum. June 17, 1998. pp. 6–8. Belleville's account of the development of the Xerox Star. 2 videocassettes OCLC 42292856.Robert William Bemer (February 8, 1920 – June 22, 2004) was a computer scientist best known for his work at IBM during the late 1950s and early 1960s.


== Early life and education ==
Born in Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan, Bemer graduated from Cranbrook School in 1936 and took a Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) in mathematics at Albion College in 1940. He earned a certificate in aeronautical engineering at Curtiss-Wright Technical Institute in 1941.


== Career ==
Bemer began his career as an aerodynamicist at Douglas Aircraft Company in 1941, then worked for RAND Corporation from 1951, IBM from 1957, UNIVAC – Sperry Rand in 1965, Bull from 1965, General Electric from 1970, and Honeywell from 1974.He served on the committee which amalgamated the design for his COMTRAN language with Grace Hopper's FLOW-MATIC and thus produced the specifications for COBOL. He also served, with Hugh McGregor Ross and others, on the separate committee which defined the ASCII character codeset in 1960, contributing several characters which were not formerly used by computers including the escape (ESC), backslash (\), and curly brackets ({}). As a result, he is sometimes known as The Father of ASCII. In 2000, Bemer claimed to have proposed the term octet (rather than Werner Buchholz' byte) while heading software development at Cie. Bull, France, between 1965 and 1966. He also proposed the term hextet for 16-bit groups.Bemer is probably the earliest proponent of the software factory concept. He mentioned it in his 1968 paper "The economics of program production".Other notable contributions to computing include the first publication of the time-sharing concept and the first attempts to prepare for the Year 2000 problem in publications as early as 1971. Acting in an advisory capacity, Bob and Honeywell employees Eric Clamons and Richard Keys developed the Text Executive Programming Language (TEX).In the late 1990s, as a retiree, Bob invented an approach to Year 2000 (Y2K) date conversion, to avoid anticipated problems when dates without centuries were compared in programs for which source code was unavailable. This involved detecting six and eight character operations at runtime and checking their operands, adjusting the comparison so that low years in the new century did not appear to precede the last years of the twentieth century.
Bob Bemer maintained an extensive collection of archival material on early computer software development at www.bobbemer.com.


== Death ==
Bemer died at his home in Possum Kingdom Lake, Texas in 2004 at age 84 after a battle with cancer.


== References ==


== Further reading ==
Transcript of an interview with Bob Bemer
Move Over, BT: He Invented Links Bob Bemer's comments on patents
Biography, showing the ASCII car license plate


== External links ==
Bob Bemer's websiteMichael A. Bender is an American computer scientist, known for his work in cache-oblivious algorithms, lowest common ancestor data structures, scheduling (computing), and pebble games. He is David R. Smith Leading Scholar professor of computer science at Stony Brook University, and a co-founder of storage technology startup company Tokutek.


== Early life and education ==
Bender obtained his PhD in computer science in 1998 from the Harvard University under the supervision of Michael O. Rabin.


== Research contributions ==
After completing his Ph.D., he co-founded Tokutek. He was program chair of the 19th ACM Symposium on Parallelism in Algorithms and Architectures (SPAA 2006). The cache-oblivious B-tree data structures studied by Bender, Demaine, and Farach-Colton beginning in 2000 became the basis for the fractal tree index used by Tokutek's products TokuDB and TokuMX.


== Awards and honors ==
In 2012 Bender won the Simon Imre Test of Time award at LATIN.  In 2015, his paper "Two-Level Main Memory Co-Design: Multi-Threaded Algorithmic Primitives, Analysis, and Simulation" won the Best Paper award at IPDPS.
In 2016, his paper "Optimizing Every Operation in a Write-optimized File System" won the Best Paper award at FAST.


== Selected publications ==
Bender, Michael A.; Farach-Colton, Martin (2000), "The LCA problem revisited" (PDF),  in Gonnet, Gaston H.; Panario, Daniel; Viola, Alfredo (eds.), LATIN 2000: Theoretical Informatics, 4th Latin American Symposium, Punta del Este, Uruguay, April 10-14, 2000, Proceedings, Lecture Notes in Computer Science, vol. 1776, Springer, pp. 88–94, doi:10.1007/10719839_9.
Bender, Michael A.; Demaine, Erik D.; Farach-Colton, Martin (2005), "Cache-oblivious B-trees", SIAM Journal on Computing, 35 (2): 341–358, CiteSeerX 10.1.1.32.4093, doi:10.1137/S0097539701389956, MR 2191447. Previously announced at FOCS 2000.
Bender, Michael A.; Chakrabarti, Soumen; Muthukrishnan, Muthu (1998), "Flow and stretch metrics for scheduling continuous job streams", 9th Annual ACM-SIAM Symposium on Discrete Algorithms SODA '98., CiteSeerX 10.1.1.44.7577.
Bender, Michael A.; Fernandez, Antonio; Ron, Dana; Sahai, Amit; Vadhan, Salil (1998), "The power of a pebble: Exploring and mapping directed graphs", In Proceedings of the thirtieth annual ACM Symposium on Theory of Computing STOCd '98., CiteSeerX 10.1.1.8.1984.


== References ==


== External links ==
Home page
Google scholar profilePaul Anthony Benioff  (born May 1, 1930 in Pasadena, Los Angeles County, California) is an American physicist who helped pioneer the field of quantum computing. Benioff is best known for his research in quantum information theory during the 1970s and 80s that demonstrated the theoretical possibility of quantum computers by describing the first quantum mechanical model of a computer. In this work, Benioff showed that a computer could operate under the laws of quantum mechanics by describing a Schrödinger equation description of Turing machines. Benioff's body of work in quantum information theory has continued on to the present day and has encompassed quantum computers, quantum robots, and the relationship  between foundations in logic, math, and physics.


== Early life and education ==
Benioff was born on May 1, 1930, in Pasadena, California. He's married Hannelore Benioff. His father, Dr. Hugo Benioff Ph.D.,  was a professor of seismology at the California Institute of Technology, and his mother, Alice Pauline Silverman, received a master's degree in English from the University of California, Berkeley.
Benioff also attended Berkeley, where he earned an undergraduate degree in botany in 1951. After a two-year stint working in nuclear chemistry for Tracerlab, he returned to Berkeley. In 1959, he obtained his PhD in nuclear chemistry.


== Career ==
In 1960, Benioff spent a year at the Weizmann Institute of Science in Israel as a postdoctoral fellow. He then spent six months at the Niels Bohr Institute in Copenhagen as a Ford Fellow. In 1961, he began a long career at Argonne National Laboratory, first with its Chemistry Division and later in 1978 in the lab's Environmental Impact Division. Benioff remained at Argonne until he retired in 1995. He continues to conduct research at the laboratory as a post-retirement emeritus scientist for the Physics Division.
In addition, Benioff taught the foundations of quantum mechanics as a visiting professor at Tel Aviv University in 1979, and he worked as a visiting scientist at CNRS Marseilles in 1979 and 1982.


== Research ==


=== Quantum Computing ===
In the 1970s, Benioff began to research the theoretical feasibility of quantum computing. His early research culminated in a paper, published in 1980, that described a quantum mechanical model of Turing Machines. This work was based on a classical description in 1973 of reversible Turing machines by physicist Charles H. Bennett.Benioff's model of a quantum computer was reversible and did not dissipate energy. At the time, there were several papers arguing that the creation of a reversible model of quantum computing was impossible. Benioff's paper was the first to show that reversible quantum computing was theoretically possible, which in turn showed the possibility of quantum computing in general. This work, along with later work by several other authors (including David Deutsch, Richard Feynman, and Peter Shor), initiated the field of quantum computing.
In a paper published in 1982, Benioff further developed his original model of quantum mechanical Turing machines. This work put quantum computers on a solid theoretical foundation. Richard Feynman then produced a universal quantum simulator. Building on the work of Benioff and Feynman, Deutsch proposed  that quantum mechanics can be used to solve computational problems faster than classical computers, and in 1994, Shor described a factoring algorithm that is considered to have an exponential speedup over classical computers.After Benioff and his peers in the field published several more papers on quantum computers, the idea began to gain traction with industry, banking, and government agencies. The field is now a fast-growing area of research that could have applications in cybersecurity, cryptography, quantum system modeling and more.


=== Further Research ===
Throughout his career at Argonne, Benioff conducted research in many fields, including mathematics, physics and chemistry. While in the Chemistry Division, he conducted research on nuclear reaction theory, as well as the relationship between the foundations of physics and mathematics.
After joining Argonne's Environmental Impact Division in 1978, Benioff continued work on quantum computing and on foundational issues. This included descriptions of quantum robots, quantum mechanical models of different types of numbers, and other topics. More recently, he has studied the effects of number scaling and local mathematics on physics and geometry. As an emeritus, he continues to work on these and other foundational topics.


== Awards and recognition ==
In 2000, Benioff received the Quantum Communication Award of the International Organization for Quantum Communication, Computing, and Measurement, as well as the Quantum Computing and Communication Prize from Tamagawa University in Japan. He became a fellow of the American Physical Society in 2001. The following year, he was awarded the Special University of Chicago Medal for Distinguished Performance at Argonne National Laboratory. In 2016, Argonne held a conference in honor of his quantum computing work.


== Selected scientific works ==
”Cosmic-ray production rate and mean removal time of beryllium-7 from the atmosphere," Physical Review, Vol. 104, 1956, pp. 1122–1130.
”Information theory in quantum statistical mechanics," Physics Letters, Vol. 14, 1965, pp. 196–197.
”Some aspects of the relationship between mathematical logic and physics. I," Journal of Mathematical Physics, Vol. 11, 1970, pp. 2553–2569.
”Some aspects of the relationship between mathematical logic and physics. II," Journal of Mathematical Physics, Vol. 12, 1971, pp. 360–376.
”Operator valued measures in quantum mechanics: finite and infinite processes," Journal of Mathematical Physics, Vol. 13, 1972, pp. 231–242.
”Decision procedures in quantum mechanics," Journal of Mathematical Physics, Vol. 13, 1972, pp. 908–915.
”Procedures in quantum mechanics without Von Neumann's projection axiom," Journal of Mathematical Physics, Vol. 13, 1972, pp. 1347–1355.
”Some consequences of the strengthened interpretative rules of quantum mechanics," Journal of Mathematical Physics, Vol. 15, 1974, pp. 552–559.
”Models of Zermelo Frankel set theory as carriers for the mathematics of physics. I", Journal of Mathematical Physics, Vol. 17, 1976, pp. 618–628.
”Models of Zermelo Frankel set theory as carriers for the mathematics of physics. II," Journal of Mathematical Physics, Vol. 17, 1976, pp. 629–640.
”Finite and infinite measurement sequences in quantum mechanics and randomness: The Everett interpretation," Journal of Mathematical Physics, Vol. 18, 1977, pp. 2289–2295.
"The computer as a physical system: A microscopic quantum mechanical Hamiltonian model of computers as represented by Turing machines", Journal of Statistical Physics, Vol. 22, 1980, pp. 563–591.
"Quantum mechanical hamiltonian models of turing machines", Journal of Statistical Physics, Vol. 29, 1982, pp. 515–546.
"Quantum Mechanical Models of Turing Machines That Dissipate No Energy", Phys. Rev. Lett., Vol. 48, 1982, pp. 1581–1585.
"Quantum mechanical Hamiltonian models of discrete processes that erase their own histories: Application to Turing machines, Int. J". Theor. Phys., Vol. 21, 1982, pp. 177–201.
"Comment on 'Dissipation in Computation'," Physical Review Letters, Vol. 53, 1984, pp. 1203.
"Quantum Mechanical Hamiltonian Models of Computers", Annals New York Academy of Sciences, Vol. 480, 1986, pp. 475–486.
"Quantum ballistic evolution in quantum mechanics: Application to quantum computers", Phys. Rev. A, Vol. 54, 1996, pp. 1106–1123, Arxiv.
"Tight binding Hamiltonians and Quantum Turing Machines", Phys. Rev. Lett., Vol. 78, 1997, pp. 590–593.
"Transmission and spectral aspects of tight binding hamiltonians for the counting quantum turing machine," Physical Review B, Vol. 55, 1997, pp. 9482–9493.
"Models of Quantum Turing Machines", Fortschritte der Physik, Vol. 46, 1998, pp. 423–441, Arxiv.
"Quantum robots and environments", Phys. Rev. A, Vol. 58, 1998, pp. 893–904, Arxiv.
"Quantum Robots and Quantum Computers", in: A. J. G. Hey (Hrsg.), Feynman and Computation, Perseus Books 1999, pp. 155–176, Arxiv.
"A simple example of definitions of truth, validity, consistency, and completeness in quantum mechanics," Physical Review A, Vol. 59, 1999, pp. 4223–4252.
"The Representation of Natural Numbers in Quantum Mechanics", Phys. Rev. A, Vol. 63, 2001, 032305, Arxiv.
"Efficient Implementation and the Product State Representation of Numbers", Phys. Rev. A, Vol. 64, 2001, pp. 052310, Arxiv.
"Language is physical," Quantum Information Proceedings, Vol. 1, 2002, pp. 495–509.
"Use of mathematical logical concepts in quantum mechanics: an example," Journal of Physics A: Mathematical and General, Vol. 35, 2002, pp. 5843–5857.
"Towards a Coherent Theory of Physics and Mathematics", Found. Phys., Vol. 32, 2002, pp. 989–1029, Arxiv.
"The Representation of Numbers in Quantum Mechanics", Algorithmica, Vol. 34, 2002, pp. 529–559, Arxiv.
"Towards a Coherent Theory of Physics and Mathematics: The Theory-Experiment Connection", Foundations of Physics, Vol. 35, 2005, pp. 1825–1856, Arxiv.
"Representation of complex rational numbers in quantum mechanics", Phys. Rev. A, Vol. 72, 2005, pp. 032314, Arxiv.
“Fields of quantum reference frames based on different representations of rational numbers as states of qubit strings.” Submitted to proceedings, 3rd Feynman Festival, University of Maryland, 2006, Journal of Physics: Conference Series 70 (2007) 012003.
"A representation of real and complex numbers in quantum theory," International Journal of Pure and Applied Mathematics, Vol. 39, 2007, pp. 297–339.
"Reference frame fields based on quantum theory representations of real and complex numbers," Advances in Quantum Computation, Vol. 482, 2009, pp. 125–163.
“Effects on quantum physics of the local availability of mathematics and space time dependent scaling factors for number systems.” Chapter 2, in Advances in Quantum Theory, I. I. Cotaescu (Ed.), Intech open access publisher, 2012.
“Gauge theory extension to include number scaling by boson field: Effects on some aspects of physics and geometry.” Chapter in Recent Developments in Bosons Research, Ignace Tremblay (Ed.), Nova Press, 2013.
"Fiber bundle description of number scaling in gauge theory and geometry," Quantum Studies: Mathematics and Foundations, Vol. 2, 2015, pp. 289–313.
"Effects of a scalar scaling field on quantum mechanics," Quantum Information Processing, Vol. 15(7), 2016, pp. 3005–3034.
"The no information at a distance principle and local mathematics: some effects on physics and geometry," Theoretical Information Studies, submitted.


== References ==


== External links ==
HomepageJon Louis Bentley (born February 20, 1953) is an American computer scientist who is credited with the heuristic-based partitioning algorithm k-d tree.


== Education and career ==
Bentley received a B.S. in mathematical sciences from Stanford University in 1974, and M.S. and PhD in 1976 from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill; while a student, he also held internships at the Xerox Palo Alto Research Center and Stanford Linear Accelerator Center. After receiving his Ph.D., he joined the faculty at Carnegie Mellon University as an assistant professor of computer science and mathematics.  At CMU, his students included Brian Reid, John Ousterhout, Jeff Eppinger, Joshua Bloch, and James Gosling, and he was one of Charles Leiserson's advisors. Later, Bentley moved to Bell Laboratories, where he co-authored an optimized Quicksort algorithm with Doug McIlroy.He found an optimal solution for the two dimensional case of Klee's measure problem: given a set of n rectangles, find the area of their union. He and Thomas Ottmann invented the Bentley–Ottmann algorithm, an efficient algorithm for finding all intersecting pairs among a collection of line segments. He wrote the Programming Pearls column for the Communications of the ACM magazine, and later collected the articles into two books of the same name.
Bentley received the Dr. Dobb's Excellence in Programming award in 2004.


== Bibliography ==
Programming Pearls (2nd edition), ISBN 0-201-65788-0.
More Programming Pearls: Confessions of a Coder, ISBN 0-201-11889-0.
Writing Efficient Programs, ISBN 0-13-970244-X.
Divide and Conquer Algorithms in Multidimensional Space, Ph.D. thesis.


== References ==


== External links ==
www.cs.bell-labs.com/cm/cs/pearls/code.html on GitHub
Lucent Technologies press release (dead link)
bug in Jon Bentley's binary search - google research
The C Programming Language, both editions had shown the solution to the bug discussed in the above. In the second edition, it is in section 6.4 (Pointers to Structures).Lonnie D. Bentley (born 1957) is an American computer scientist, and Professor and former Department Head of Computer and Information Technology at Purdue University, known with Kevin C. Dittman and Jeffrey L. Whitten as co-author of the textbook Systems Analysis and Design Methods, which is now in its 7th edition.


== Life and work ==
Born in 1957, Bentley attended the Mountain Home High School in Arkansas. He studied at the Arkansas State University, where in 1979 he received his B.S. in Business Data Processing, and in 1981 his M.S. in Information Systems.
Bentley has taught courses such as Systems Analysis and Design Methods; Systems Analysis (using structured analysis-based methods); Systems Analysis (using information engineering-based methods); Systems Design (using RAD design-based methods); Systems Design (using structured design-based methods); Enterprise Resource Planning and Integration; Business Process Redesign.Aside from systems analysis and design, Bentley also focuses on enterprise applications, business process redesign, computer-aided software engineering (CASE), rapid application development (RAD), and graphical user interface (GUI) design.
Along with his contributions to higher education, Lonnie is also a founder of Broadband Antenna Tracking Systems (BATS).


== Honors and awards ==
1985 - Best Teacher Award, Department of Computer Technology
1995 - Outstanding Tenured Faculty Award, School of Technology
1998 - $1,000 OOPSLA Educators Scholarship
1998 - $500 Dow Corning Faculty Scholarship
2006 - Arkansas State University Distinguished Alumnus


== Selected publications ==
Bentley, Lonnie D., Kevin C. Dittman, and Jeffrey L. Whitten. Systems analysis and design methods. (1986, 1997, 2004).
Whitten, Jeffrey L., and Lonnie D. Bentley. Using Excelerator for systems analysis and design. (1987).
Bentley, Lonnie D., and Jeffrey L. Whitten. Systems analysis and design for the global enterprise. McGraw-Hill Irwin, 2007.
Whitten, Jeffrey L., and Lonnie D. Bentley. Introduction to systems analysis and design. McGraw Hill Irwin, 2008.


== References ==


== External links ==
Lonnie D. Bentley at purdue.edu
Technology professor wins commercialization award, October 10, 2011Evelyn Berezin (April 12, 1925 – December 8, 2018) was an American computer designer of the first computer-driven word processor. She also worked on computer-controlled systems for airline reservations.


== Early life and education ==
Berezin was born in the east Bronx in 1925 to Jewish immigrants from the Russian Empire, and attended Christopher Columbus High School. She started university at Hunter College in January 1941, studying Economics instead of the Physics she preferred because it was preferred as a subject for women at that time. After WWII started, new opportunities made the study of physics possible with a scholarship at New York University, plus free classes at both Hunter and Brooklyn Polytech during the war years.  At the same time, she worked full-time during the day as an assistant in the Rheology Department of the Research Division of the International Printing Company (IPI). Going to university at night, she received her B.S. in physics in 1946.


== Career and contributions ==
Berezin began graduate work at New York University, holding a fellowship from the United States Atomic Energy Commission. In 1951 she accepted a job with the Electronic Computer Corporation and began there as head of the Logic Design Department. Berezin was the only person doing the logic design for computers being developed by ECC. In 1957 ECC was purchased by Underwood Corporation (originally known as the Underwood Typewriter Company). Here, she designed a number of computers which were very general in structure but individual in specific application. Among them was a system for the US Army for range calculations, a system for controlling the distribution of magazines, and what is now considered the first office computer.The Underwood Typewriter Company was not able to continue the development beyond 1957, and Berezin went to a company called Teleregister, formerly a division of Western Union.Using vacuum tube computers and electromechanical switching, Teleregister had built one of the first airline reservation systems, the "Reservisor". Using newly available transistor technology, Berezin developed a computerized reservation system for United Airlines which was one of the largest computer systems at that time, controlling 60 cities in a communication system that provided 1 second response time. While working for Teleregister, Berezin also developed the first computerized banking system.In 1968, Berezin had the idea for a word processor to simplify the work of secretaries, and in 1969 she founded Redactron Corporation, which became a public company and delivered thousands of systems to customers throughout its international marketing organization. The company's main product was called the "Data Secretary" and it was the size of a small refrigerator, had no screen, and the keyboard and printer was an IBM Selectric typewriter.In the 1970s, although the market continued strong the economy suffered a serious inflation, increasing interest rates to a level (16%) which was untenable for a business like Redactron which operated in a world in which equipment was rented. The company was sold to the Burroughs Corporation in 1976, and integrated into its office equipment division. Berezin stayed on until 1979.In 1980, Berezin served as President of Greenhouse Management Company, General Partner of a venture capital group dedicated to early stage high technology companies.Throughout her career she received honorary doctorates from Adelphi University and Eastern Michigan University. Berezin also served on the Boards of CIGNA, Standard Microsystems, Koppers, and Datapoint.Berezin served on the Board of the Stony Brook Foundation at Stony Brook University, the Brookhaven National Laboratory and the Boyce Thompson Institute.Berezin established the Berezin-Wilenitz Endowment, which will give the value of her estate to fund either a chair, professorship, or research fund at Stony Brook in any field of science as stated in her will and testament. In addition to the endowment, Berezin and her late husband funded the Sam and Rose Berezin Endowed Scholarship, a full-tuition scholarship that is awarded to an undergraduate student who plans to study in the field of science, engineering or mathematics, in honor of her parents. Berezin and Wilenitz also established the Israel Wilenitz Endowment. This provides discretionary funds to the Linguistics Department at Stony Brook University, where Wilenitz received a Master's Degree.


== Personal life ==
Berezin was married for 51 years to Israel Wilenitz, a chemical engineer, born in 1922 in London. Wilenitz died on February 20, 2003. Berezin died on December 8, 2018, at the age of 93 while in treatment for cancer.


== Awards ==
2006 Long Island Technology Hall of Fame
2006 Women Achiever's Against the Odds Honoree for the Long Island Fund for Women and Girls
2011 Women in Technology International (WITI) Hall of Fame
Long Island Distinguished Leadership Award
Top 100 Business Women in the United States in BusinessWeek magazine
Honorary Doctorate from Adelphi University
Honorary Doctorate from Eastern Michigan University
In 2015, she was made a Fellow of the Computer History Museum for "her early work in computer design and a lifetime of entrepreneurial activity."
She was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame in 2020.


== Patents ==
Information Transfer Apparatus
Electronic Data File Processor
Information Transfer System
On-Line Data Transfer Apparatus
Electrical Assemblage
Data Processing System
Arithmetic Device
Electronic Calculator with Dynamic Recirculating Storage Register
Control means with Record Sensing for an Electronic Calculator


== References ==Alexander C. Berg is an American Assistant Professor of computer science at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. He specializes in web mining as well as machine learning and computer vision.
He obtained his master's and bachelor's degrees from Johns Hopkins University in 1994 and then got his PhD at University of California, Berkeley. From 2001 to 2005 he worked as research assistant there and then worked as its postdoc from 2006 to 2007. In February 2007 he became both research scientist and visiting professor at the same place and then became Yahoo! Researcher at Yahoo! where he worked till May 2008. Currently he is at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.As a Yahoo! Researcher, Berg teamed up with Subhransu Maji and Jitendra Malik of University of California, Berkeley to develop kernelized SVMs.
In October 2011 he and colleagues developed two kinds of face recognition software called FaceTracer and PubFig.


== References ==


== External links ==
Official websiteBonnie Anne Berger is an American mathematician and computer scientist, who works as the Simons professor of mathematics and professor of electrical engineering and computer science at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Her research interests are in algorithms, bioinformatics and computational molecular biology.


== Education ==
Berger did her undergraduate studies at Brandeis University, and earned her doctorate from MIT in 1990 under the supervision of Silvio Micali. As a student, she won the Machtey Award in 1989 for a paper on parallel algorithms that she published with fellow student John Rompel at the Symposium on Foundations of Computer Science.


== Career and research ==
After completing her PhD, Berger remained at MIT for postdoctoral research where she became a faculty member in 1992. Her research in bioinformatics has been published in leading peer reviewed scientific journals including Science, the Journal of Algorithms. Her former doctoral students include Serafim Batzoglou, Lior Pachter, Mona Singh, Manolis Kellis, and Phil Bradley.
Berger has served as vice president of the International Society for Computational Biology (ISCB) and chair of the steering committee for RECOMB.


=== Awards and honours ===
Berger was the 1997 winner of the Margaret Oakley Dayhoff Award. In 1998 she was an Invited Speaker of the International Congress of Mathematicians in Berlin (but she was unable to make a personal appearance). In 1999, Berger was included in a list of 100 top innovators published by Technology Review. In 2003, Berger became a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM), and in 2012 she became an elected member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences  and a fellow the International Society for Computational Biology (ISCB).  In 2016, Berger was inducted into the college of fellows of the American Institute for Medical and Biological Engineering (AIMBE). She was included in the 2019 class of fellows of the American Mathematical Society "for contributions to computational biology, bioinformatics, algorithms and for mentoring". She also received the Honorary Doctorate at École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL). She serves as a Member-at-Large of the Section on Mathematics at American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS). She was awarded the ISCB Accomplishment by a Senior Scientist Award in 2019.  In 2020 she gave the AWM-SIAM Sonia Kovalevsky Lecture, and additionally was elected to the National Academy of Sciences.


== References ==Marsha J. Berger (born 1953) is an American computer scientist. Her areas of research include numerical analysis, computational fluid dynamics, and high-performance parallel computing. She is a Silver Professor of Computer Science and Mathematics in the Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences of New York University.Berger was elected to the National Academy of Engineering in 2005 for developing adaptive mesh refinement algorithms and software that have advanced engineering applications, especially the analysis of aircraft and spacecraft.


== Education ==
Berger received her B.S. in mathematics from State University of New York at Binghamton-Harpur College in 1974. She went on to receive an M.S. and a Ph.D in computer science from Stanford University in 1978 and 1982, respectively.


== Career and research ==
Berger's research includes high-performance parallel computing, numerical analysis, and computational fluid dynamics. Specifically she develops software and engineering applications for the spacecraft and aircraft industries. Berger worked at Argonne National Laboratory as a scientific programmer after graduating from SUNY. Her specific duties included developing models for the Energy and Environmental Systems Division. During her time at Stanford, she became associated with the Stanford Linear Accelerator Center. After graduating with her Ph.D., she began working at the Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences at New York University, first as a postdoc, then as a faculty member. Berger has served as the deputy director of the Courant Institute and still serves as an educator at NYU.


== Awards and recognition ==
Berger was the recipient of the Presidential Young Investigator Award, courtesy of the National Science Foundation, in 1988. She received another award from the NSF in 1991, this time a Faculty Award for Women. In 2002, Berger received the NASA Software of the Year Award for Cart3D. In 2000 Berger was elected to the National Academy of Sciences. In 2004, she received the IEEE Sidney Fernbach Award. In 2005 Berger was elected to the National Academy of Engineering.
She is one of two 2019 winners of the Norbert Wiener Prize in Applied Mathematics. In addition, Berger is a fellow of the Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics.


== See also ==
Adaptive mesh refinement


== References ==Paul R. Berger (born 8 May 1963) is a Professor in Electrical and Computer Engineering at Ohio State University and Physics (by courtesy), and a Distinguished Visiting Professor (Docent) at Tampere University in Finland, recognized for his work on self-assembled quantum dots under strained-layer epitaxy, quantum tunneling based semiconductor devices and solution processable flexible electronics.
Berger was named a Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) in 2011 and was elected into the IEEE Electron Devices Society Board of Governors in 2020 Berger was General Chair of the 2021  IEEE International Flexible Electronics Technology Conference (IFETC) in August 2021, which pivoted from Columbus, Ohio to fully virtual. Also in 2021, Berger was selected as the Co-Founding Editor-in-Chief of the new  IEEE Journal on Flexible Electronics (J-FLEX), which begins as Associate Editor-in-Chief in 2022, followed by Editor-in-Chief for 2023-2024.


== Education ==
Born in Midwestern United States, but raised in the Greater Boston, Massachusetts area, Berger attended Phillips Academy in Andover, Massachusetts. Berger received his B.S in Engineering Physics, M.S in Electrical and Computer Engineering, and Ph.D in Electrical and Computer Engineering, all from University of Michigan, Ann Arbor campus in 1985, 1987 and 1990, respectively, under the supervision of Pallab Bhattacharya. In 1987, Berger discovered the self-assembly of III-V semiconductor quantum dots during molecular-beam epitaxy strain engineering with Bhattacharya for the formation of high-quality quantum dot laser device manufacturing. This method has made optical communication and optical networking practical for many applications, including optical data links in enterprise networks and data centers.


== Career ==
In 1998, as part of a Quantum MOS team under a DARPA Ultra project, Berger invented  Si/SiGe resonant interband tunneling diodes, the first viable Si-based negative differential resistance with the potential of being fully integrated into the mainstream Si CMOS integrated circuits technology. And in 2011, Berger was elevated to IEEE Fellow for "for contributions to the understanding, development, and fabrication of silicon-based resonant interband tunneling devices and circuits."
In 1999, Berger entered the field of solution-processable flexible electronics with sabbatical visits to the Max Planck Institute for Polymer Research in Mainz, Germany and Cambridge Display Technology, then in Cambridge, England, where he generated patents on organic light-emitting diodes (OLED).


== Awards ==
National Science Foundation CAREER Award (1996)DARPA ULTRA Sustained Excellence Award (1998)Faculty Diversity Excellence Award (2009)IEEE Fellow (2011)Outstanding Engineering Educator for State of Ohio (2014)Fulbright-Nokia Distinguished Chair in Information and Communications Technologies Award (2020),


== References ==Edmund Callis Berkeley (February 22, 1909 – March 7, 1988) was an American computer scientist who co-founded the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) in 1947.  His 1949 book Giant Brains, or Machines That Think popularized cognitive images of early computers.  He was also a social activist who worked to achieve conditions that might minimize the threat of nuclear war.


== Biography ==

Berkeley attended St. Bernard's School and Phillips Exeter Academy. He received a BA in Mathematics and Logic from Harvard in 1930.  He pursued a career as an insurance actuary at Prudential Insurance from 1934–48, except for service in the United States Navy during World War II.
Berkeley saw George Stibitz's calculator at Bell Laboratories in 1939, and the Harvard Mark I in 1942.  In November, 1946 he drafted a specification for "Sequence Controlled Calculators for the Prudential", which led to signing a contract with the Eckert-Mauchly Computer Corporation in 1947 for one of the first UNIVAC computers. Berkeley left Prudential in 1948 to become an independent consultant when the company forbade him to work on projects related to avoiding nuclear war, even on his own time. He sometimes wrote using the pseudonym "Neil D. MacDonald".
He became famous in 1949 with the publication of his book Giant Brains, or Machines That Think in which he described the principles behind computing machines (called then "mechanical brains", "sequence-controlled calculators", or various other terms), and then gave a technical but accessible survey of the most prominent examples of the time, including machines from MIT, Harvard, the Moore School, Bell Laboratories, and elsewhere.In Giant Brains, Berkeley also outlined a device which some have described as the first "personal computer", Simon. Plans on how to build this computer were published in the journal Radio Electronics in 1950 and 1951. Simon used relay logic and cost about $600 to construct. The first working model was built at Columbia University with the help of two graduate students.Berkeley founded, published and edited Computers and Automation, the first computer magazine.  He also created the Geniac and Brainiac toy computers.
In 1958 Berkeley joined the Committee for a SANE Nuclear Policy (SANE).


== Computer Art ==
On the title page of the magazine "Computers and Automation", January 1963, Edmund Berkeley published a picture by Efraim Arazi from 1962 as Computer Art. This picture inspired him to initiate the first Computer Art Contest in 1963. Berkeley had coined the term Computer Art. The annual contest was a key point in the development of computer art up to the year 1973. This way Edmund Berkeley became a pioneer in the field of computer art.


== Books ==
Giant Brains, or Machines That Think (1949), Wiley & Sons
Computers: Their Operation and Applications (1956), New York: Reinhold Publishing
Symbolic Logic and Intelligent Machines (1959), New York: Reinhold Publishing
Probability and Statistics: An Introduction through Experiments (1961), Science Materials Center
The Computer Revolution (1962), Doubleday
The Programming Language LISP: Its Operation and Applications (1964)
A Guide to Mathematics for the Intelligent Nonmathematician (1966), Simon and Schuster
Computer-assisted Explanation: A Guide to Explaining: and some ways of using a computer to assist in clear explanation (1967), Information International
Ride the East Wind; Parables of Yesterday and Today (1973), Quadrangle, ISBN 0-8129-0375-7
The Computer Book of Lists and First Computer Almanack (1984), Reston Publishing, ISBN 0-8359-0864-X


== Notes ==


== External links ==
Edmund C. Berkeley Papers, Charles Babbage Institute, University of Minnesota.
Obituary in Communications of the ACM (1988) (access restricted)
Berkeley timeline Retrieved April 10, 2007
Computers and Automation archive issues 1954 to 1978Francine Berman (born February 7, 1951) is an American computer scientist, and a leader in digital data preservation and cyber-infrastructure. In 2009, she was the inaugural recipient of the IEEE/ACM-CS Ken Kennedy Award "for her influential leadership in the design, development and deployment of national-scale cyberinfrastructure, her inspiring work as a teacher and mentor, and her exemplary service to the high performance community".  In 2004, Business Week called her the "reigning teraflop queen".Berman is the former director of the San Diego Supercomputer Center (SDSC), and High Performance Computing Endowed Chair and a former professor of computer science and engineering at the University of California, San Diego (UCSD). Since 2009, she has served as vice president for research and professor of computer science at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute (RPI). In 2011, Berman was appointed co-chair of the National Academies Board on Research Data and Information (BRDI). In August 2021, Berman joined the University of Massachusetts, Amherst to establish a program in public interest technology.


== Early life and education ==
Francine Berman was born in Glendale, California. She graduated from the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) with a B.A. in mathematics (1973), and from the University of Washington with an M.S. and a Ph.D. in mathematics (1976, 1979). Her Ph.D. thesis investigated non-standard models of propositional dynamic logic, an area in the field of theoretical computer science.


== Career ==
Berman began her professional career as assistant professor in the Computer Science Department at Purdue University in Lafayette, Indiana. In 1984, Berman left Purdue to join the Computer Science and Engineering Department at UCSD as assistant, and then associate and full professor. In 2002, she was awarded the Endowed Chair in High Performance Computing in the Jacobs School of Engineering at UCSD.
In 1999, while at UCSD, Berman founded the Grid Computing Laboratory. Research in the Grid Lab targeted applications and software environments within parallel, high performance computing, and grid environments. The lab was known for the innovative AppLeS project, which explored the development of adaptive applications that could opportunistically self-schedule in distributed environments based on ambient load and performance projections.In 2001, Berman was appointed director of the San Diego Supercomputer Center (SDSC), a lead center for the National Science Foundation's National Partnership for Advanced Computational Infrastructure (NPACI), as well as Director of NPACI itself. NPACI was a consortium of over 40 institutions whose mission was to develop national-scale cyberinfrastructure and provide supercomputing facilities to the U.S. research community. As lead institution, SDSC hosted national supercomputer facilities and collaborated widely to develop computational applications and cyberinfrastructure. Also in 2001, Berman partnered with Dan Reed, Director of the National Center for Supercomputing Applications, to launch the NSF-sponsored TeraGrid.
From 2001 to 2009, Berman served as SDSC's director and led an organization of several hundred researchers, scientists, and systems staff. During this time, SDSC strengthened its focus on data-intensive science, data stewardship, and data cyberinfrastructure, developed collaborations with major national and international cyberinfrastructure projects, and developed an innovative data stewardship partnership with the UCSD Libraries. Under Berman's leadership, SDSC was considered "one of the leaders, if not the leader in the country, in dealing with massive amounts of data".In 2007, Berman became co-chair of the ‘’Blue Ribbon Task Force on Sustainable Digital Preservation and Access’’. Supported by the National Science Foundation, Library of Congress, Mellon Foundation, U.K. Joint Information Systems Committee, Council on Library and Information Resources, and other organizations, the Blue Ribbon Task Force was charged to conduct a “deep dive” investigation into the economics of digital access and preservation. The Blue Ribbon Task Force released two reports: in 2008, and early 2010. These reports assessed the landscape for economic support of digital information, provided a set of recommendations addressing the development of sustainable strategies for preservation and access, and suggested a research agenda to drive further work. The Blue Ribbon Task Force reports have currently been downloaded over 120,000 times from the Task Force website.
In 2009 Berman became vice president for research at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute (2009–2012). In 2012, she became U.S. lead of the Research Data Alliance (RDA) and the Edward P. Hamilton Distinguished Professor in Computer Science at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.


== Awards and honors ==
In 2009, Berman was honored as the inaugural recipient of the IEEE/ACM-CS Ken Kennedy Award. She has also been elected a Fellow of the ACM (2009), a Fellow of the IEEE (2011), and 2013 Chair of the Information, Computing and Communication Section (Section T) of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS). In 2011 Berman was appointed co-chair of the National Academies Board on Research Data and Information. Berman has been designated a “Digital Preservation Pioneer” by the Library of Congress, and served as a 2009 ACM Distinguished Lecturer. She has authored over 100 journal articles, refereed conference papers, book chapters and other publications. She is the co-editor of ‘’Grid Computing: Making the Global Infrastructure a Reality’’ with Tony Hey and Geoffrey Fox. She was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2019.


== Outreach ==
Throughout her career, Berman has been involved with national efforts to recruit, retain and advance women in STEM (science, technology, engineering and math) fields, and in particular, computer science. A founding member of the Computing Research Association Committee on the Status of Women (CRA-W), she served as CRA-W co-chair from 1993 to 1996. Berman joined the board of trustees of the Anita Borg Institute in 2007 and currently serves as board vice-chair. She has been a keynote speaker at the Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing and speaks frequently on data preservation and cyberinfrastructure, women in science and technology, and other topics.


== Affiliations ==
Anita Borg Institute (Board of Trustees Board Chair)
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute (Vice President for Research and Professor of Computer Science)


== References ==


== External links ==
Francine Berman’s Home PagePhilip Alan Bernstein is a computer scientist specializing in database research in the Database Group of Microsoft Research. Bernstein is also an affiliate professor at the University of Washington and frequent committee member or chair of conferences such as VLDB and SIGMOD. He won the SIGMOD Edgar F. Codd Innovations Award in 1994, and in 2011 with Jayant Madhavan and Erhard Rahm the VLDB 10 Year Best Paper Award for their VLDB 2001 paper "Generic Schema Matching with Cupid".Bernstein was elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering for contributions to transaction-processing and database systems. He is also an elected Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery. He is a charter member of the Washington State Academy of Sciences (2008) and served on their board of directors from 2012 to 2018.


== References ==


== External links ==
Phil Bernstein MSR page
DBLP Publications ServerCarlotta Berry is an American academic in the field of engineering. She is professor of electrical and computer engineering at Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology. She is co-director of the Rose Building Undergraduate Diversity (ROSE-BUD) program. She is a co-founder of Black In Engineering and a co-founder of Black In Robotics. 


== Early life and education ==
Berry received bachelor's degrees in mathematics (1992) and electrical engineering (1993) through a dual degree program between Spelman College and Georgia Tech. At Georgia Tech she observed the scarcity of female and African-American students and faculty within the engineering program, which sparked her desire to become an engineering professor to encourage greater participation of underrepresented populations in the profession. After graduation, she worked in industry to repay her student loans while concurrently pursuing a masters degree at Wayne State University. She earned her masters in control systems from Wayne State University in 1996, and a year later left industry to pursue a doctoral degree at Vanderbilt University. Berry was part of the Vanderbilt University Intelligent Robotics Laboratory (IRL), and was advised by Kazuhiko Kawamura and Julie Adams. Her doctoral thesis was on human-robot interface development for a mobile robot, specifically the enhancement of the interface through graphical visualization of the robot's short-term memory.


== Career and research ==
Berry is a professor of electrical and computer engineering at Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology, where her academic interests include educational mobile robotics, human-robot interaction, and recruiting and retention of underrepresented populations in engineering. In 2008, Berry and her colleague Deborah Walter created the Rose Building Undergraduate Diversity (ROSE-BUD) program, which attracts talented female and underrepresented minority students in computer science and electrical, computer, and software engineering through scholarships and other program activities. Berry also worked with a cross-department team of faculty at Rose-Hulman to establish a multidisciplinary robotics minor degree program, for which she continues to serve as co-director. Berry has been a guest speaker at several Women in Engineering outreach events, and she has written articles for the New York Times and ASEE Prism magazine on her experiences as a professor from an underrepresented group. 


== Awards and Recognition ==
Berry has received several awards for her work increasing diversity in STEM fields, including the Women and Hi Tech Leading Light award and the INSIGHT Into Diversity Inspiring Women in STEM award. In 2020, Berry was named Indiana FIRST Game Changer, One of 30 women in Robotics You need to Know about and Reinvented Magazine Interview of the Year award on Purpose and Passion. In 2021, Berry was named Dr. Lawrence J. Giacoletto Endowed Chair for Electrical and Computer Engineering.  She was also awarded the TechPoint Foundation for Youth Bridge Builder award as part of the TechPoint Mira awards.,,
In June 2021, Berry was named Distinguished Fellow by the National Society of Engineering Education. 


== Selected publications ==
Berry, C.A., Remy, S.L. and Rogers, T.E., “Robotics for All Ages: A Standard Robotics Curriculum for K-16,” IEEE Robotics & Automation Magazine, Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers, Vol. 23 (2), 40-46, June 2016. https://doi.org/10.1109/MRA.2016.2534240
Berry, C.A., Mobile Robotics for Multidisciplinary Study: Synthesis Lectures on Control and Mechatronics, Morgan and Claypool, 2012. https://doi.org/10.2200/S00407ED1V01Y201203CRM004
Berry, C.A., “Mobile Robotics: A tool for application-based integration of multidisciplinary undergraduate concepts and research”, Computers in Education Journal, Vol. 1, No. 3., pp. 102-111, 2010. https://peer.asee.org/15642


== References ==


== External links ==
Carlotta Berry publications indexed by Google Scholar
"Dr. Carlotta A. Berry: From trailblazer to building a strong community and network to foster allyship and confidence among engineering students". American Society for Engineering Education. Retrieved 2021-10-09.Clifford Edward Berry (April 19, 1918 – October 30, 1963) helped John Vincent Atanasoff create the first digital electronic computer in 1939, the Atanasoff–Berry computer (ABC).


== Biography ==
Clifford Berry was born April 19, 1918, in Gladbrook, Iowa, to Fred and Grace Berry. His father owned an appliance repair shop, where he was able to learn about radios. He graduated from Marengo High School in Marengo, Iowa, in 1934 as the class valedictorian at age 16. He went on to study at Iowa State College (now known as Iowa State University), eventually earning a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering in 1939 and followed by his master's degree in physics in 1941.In 1942, he married an ISU classmate and Atanasoff's secretary, Martha Jean Reed.By 1948, he earned his PhD in physics from Iowa State University.


== References ==


== External links ==
1942 and 1962 photos of Berry, Ames Laboratory Archive, Iowa State
Atanasoff-Berry Computer Archive, Computer Science Dept., Iowa State
June 7, 1972 interview with Atanasoff on Berry, Smithsonian National Museum of American History
A. R. Mackintosh, “Dr. Atanasoff’s Computer”, Scientific American, August 1988 (Archived 2009-10-31)
"ABC - Atanasoff-Berry Computer", I ProgrammerAzer Bestavros (Coptic: Ⲁⲍⲉⲣ Ⲡⲓⲥⲧⲁⲩⲣⲟⲥ) is the Inaugural Associate Provost for Computing and Data Sciences and the William Fairfield Warren Distinguished Professor of Computer Science  at Boston University. Prior to his appointment in 2019 to lead the Faculty of Computing and Data Sciences, he was the Founding Director of The Rafik B. Hariri Institute for Computing and Computational Science & Engineering. He joined Boston University in 1991 as an assistant professor in the Department of Computer Science, which is part of the university's College of Arts & Sciences. He was promoted to the rank of associate professor in 1998 and to the rank of full professor in 2003. From 2000 to 2007, he served as chair of the Department of Computer Science. Prior to joining Boston University, he worked as an instructor, teaching fellow, software engineer, and technical consultant for various organizations and technology companies, including the Eastern Mediterranean Regional Office of World Health Organization, Awad Associates, Harvard University, and AT&T Research Laboratories.


== Education and career ==
A Coptic Christian native of Egypt, Bestavros was born and grew up in Alexandria, where he attended Collège Saint Marc, graduating in 1979 on top of his class, ranking third over 27,357 students in Egypt’s nationwide diploma exam. In 1984, Bestavros obtained a baccalaureate of science with summa cum laude honors in computer engineering from Alexandria University in Alexandria, Egypt, where he continued his studies, earning a master of science in computer engineering and digital control in 1987. While pursuing his M.Sc., he also served as an instructor of computer science at Alexandria University (1984–1987). In 1987, he joined the graduate program at Harvard University as a research fellow, earning a Master of Arts in computer science in 1988. Four years later, he received his Ph.D. in computer science from Harvard University, under Thomas E. Cheatham, one of the "roots" of the academic genealogy of applied computer scientists. While studying at Harvard University, he also served as computer science teaching fellow (1989–1990), resident host of Harvard's historic Dana-Palmer House (1990–1994), and as a computer science resident tutor at Leverett House (1994–1998).After receiving his doctorate degree, Bestavros crossed the Charles River to join Boston University as an assistant professor in the Department of Computer Science in the College of Arts & Sciences. He was promoted to the ranks of associate professor in 1998, and full professor in 2003. He chaired the department for seven years (2000–2007), overseeing a period of significant growth, culminating in the Chronicle of Higher Education's highest ranking of the department as 7th in the US in terms of its scholarly productivity. His academic appointments also include visiting professorships at Harvard University (1999–2000), at Institut Eurecom in Sophia-Antipolis, France (2008), Federal University of Minas Gerais, Brazil (2012), American University in Beirut, Lebanon (2017), KTH Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm, Sweden (2018),  and American University in Cairo, Egypt (2018).  
In 2010, Bestavros was tapped to serve as the founding director of The Rafik B. Hariri Institute for Computing and Computational Science & Engineering at Boston University. Inaugurated in 2012, the institute serves the BU computing community by incubating collaborative, cross-disciplinary research and training initiatives, and by supporting a federation of research laboratories and centers. In his capacity as director of the Hariri Institute, Bestavros led BU's faculty involvement in the conception of the Massachusetts Green High-Performance Computing Center (MGHPCC), which provides world-class computational infrastructure, serving as its co-chair of its Research, Education, and Outreach working group since 2010. As co-chair of the Council on Educational Technology & Learning Innovation, Bestavros supported the successful incubation of the Digital Learning Initiative, which has matured and joined with additional university units to form the BU’s Digital Learning & Innovation group. Other leadership roles that he took on as Director of the Hariri Institute include his chairing of the BU Data Science Initiative, launched in 2014 to expand the university's data science footprint, and his co-chairing of the Data Science Task Force charged in 2018 with developing a university strategy for advancing BU’s capabilities as a research and education leader in computing and data sciences.In 2019, Bestavros was tapped to lead the Faculty of Computing & Data Sciences (CDS) at BU, serving as the university's inaugural Associate Provost for Computing and Data Sciences. The Faculty of CDS is a university-wide academic unit that serves as an interface between traditional academic departments and faculty and students interested in computing and data sciences.Beyond academia, Bestavros engaged in number of professional activities, as consultant, scientist, and technical advisor for a wide variety of organizations, including Microsoft Research Labs in Cairo, Egypt, Telefónica Labs in Barcelona, Spain, AT&T Bell Labs in Holmdel, New Jersey, Bowne Internet Solutions in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and Sycamore Networks Inc. in Chelmsford, Massachusetts. He is frequently called upon to serve as an expert witness in Intellectual Property and Patent litigation involving networking and software systems. In 2007, he was recognized as the first Computer Science Faculty member to step in and expose the RIAA's technically-bankrupt strategy to intimidate and prosecute undergraduate students accused of illegal file sharing.  Earlier in his career, from 1983 to 1987, he worked in Alexandria, Egypt, as a software engineer at Awad Associates and as a data analyst at the Mediterranean Regional Office of the World Health Organization.


== Research areas, projects and publications ==
Bestavros's research focuses on networking, distributed computing, and high-assurance systems. His seminal contributions include pioneering studies of web push caching through content distribution networks, self-similar Internet traffic characterization, game-theoretic cloud resource management, and safety certification of networked systems and software. His current projects include the Modular Approach to Cloud Security (MACS), the Smart-city Cloud-based Open Platform and Ecosystem (SCOPE), the Massachusetts Open Cloud (MOC), and Accessible & Scalable Secure Multiparty Computation.As of 2019, his research has received over $40 million in funding from government and industry sponsors, which has yielded 19 PhD theses, 8 issued patents, 2 startups, and hundreds of refereed papers with over 20,000 citations. Most recently, his research on privacy-preserving analytics has attracted a lot of attention due to its use in the first-of-its-kind study of the gender wage gap, and its citation as an enabler of US legislation on "Student Right to Know Before You Go Act" as well as "Evidence-Based Policy Making."Bestavros has a long track record of involvement with and service to the computer science research community. Most notably, he chaired (in 2019) and co-chaired (in 2014) the Committee Committee of Visitors (CoV) for the CISE Directorate of the National Science Foundation, which is charged with reviewing CISE's operation and processes. In 2013, he served on the inaugural advisory board of the congressional Cloud Computing Caucus to raise awareness and educate lawmakers on cloud technologies. From 2005 to 2012, he served as the chair of the IEEE Computer Society TC on the Internet. He is currently on the editorial board for the Communications of the ACM as a co-editor of its Research Highlights, which publishes the most influential and most read articles in the computer science field.


== Honors and awards ==
Throughout his career, Bestavros received a number of awards for distinguished teaching, research, and service, including the ACM Sigmetrics Inaugural Test of Time Award, which is given in recognition of research "whose impact is still felt 10-15 years after its initial publication" and the United Methodist Scholar Teacher Award, which is given in recognition of "outstanding dedication and contributions to the learning arts and to the institution." In 2017, he was named a William Fairfield Warren Distinguished Professor, the highest distinction bestowed upon senior faculty members at Boston University for “representing our community with distinction, enriching the academic experience for our students, and raising our stature as a major research university.”


== Selected bibliography ==
As of 2019, Google Scholar lists over 20,000 citations and 619 patent references to over 400 articles authored or co-authored by Bestavros, with an H-Index of 63, with 40 articles having more than 100 citations each, and with 155 articles having more than 10 citations each.


== Events and media coverage ==
Bestavros has given numerous speeches and talks at events and institutions all over the world and he is often quoted or featured by press and various news media outlet.


== References ==Jeff Bezanson (born December 26, 1981) is a computer scientist best known for co-creating the Julia programming language with Stefan Karpinski, Alan Edelman and Viral B. Shah in 2012. The language spawned Julia Computing Inc. of which Bezanson is the CTO. As a founder of the company and co-creator of the language, Bezanson earned the 2019 J.H. Wilkinson Prize for his work on the Julia programming language alongside Shah and Karpinski. Bezanson is also listed as an author on academic papers regarding the Julia language.


== Education ==
After receiving his undergraduate degree from Harvard in 2004, Bezanson moved on to graduate studies and researched in the field of technical computing at MIT and received his PhD in 2015; his thesis is titled Abstraction in Technical Computing (2015).


== Awards ==
In 2019, Dr. Bezanson was awarded the J. H. Wilkinson Prize for Numerical Software with Stefan Karpinski and Viral B. Shah for their work on the Julia programming language.


== See also ==
Julia Programming Language
Stefan Karpinski
Alan Edelman
Viral B. Shah


== References ==Shekhar Bhansali is the division director in Electrical, Communication and Cyber Systems (ECCS) at the National Science Foundation. He also serves as an Alcatel-Lucent Professor and Distinguished University Professor in the Florida International University (FIU) Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering. Bhansali’s main research interests are in nanotechnology, biosensors, and microfluidics. He holds 40 patents, has published over 300 publications, and has advised more than 40 Ph.D. students and postdoctoral fellows in research.


== Education ==
Bhansali received his Bachelor of Engineering (B.E) in metallurgical engineering at Malaviya National Institute of Technology, Jaipur, Rajasthan, India. He then received his Master of Technology (M.Tech) from Indian Institute of Technology Madras and Ph.D. in electrical engineering at RMIT University Australia.


== Career ==
Shekhar Bhansali began his career in 1995 as a lecturer in the Department of Metallurgical Engineering at RMIT University, Melbourne, Australia. He came to the United States in 1988 and joined CMSM, ECECS Department, University of Cincinnati as a research faculty. In 2000, he joined University of South Florida and led a number of inter-connected interdisciplinary graduate student research and training programs, including NSF-IGERT, NSF’s Bridge to the Doctorate and Alfred P. Sloan Doctoral Fellowship Programs to increase diversity, retention and graduation rates.


== Awards ==
Top Scholar Award from FIU in 2014
William R. Jones Outstanding Mentor Award in 2011 and 2009
Mentor of the Year Award from Alfred P. Sloan Foundation in 2009
Outstanding Mentor Award from the McKnight Foundation in 2004
NSF Career Award in 2003In 2018, Bhansali has named as a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science and the National Academy of Inventors.


== Books ==
Mems for Biomedical Applications
Chemical Sensors 7 -and- MEMS/NEMS 7


== References ==


== External links ==
Research Programs
Journal Publications
Conference Publications
Patents
Shekhar Bhansali Google ScholarKrishna Bharat (born 7 January 1970) is an Indian research scientist at Google Inc. He was formerly a founding adviser for Grokstyle Inc. a visual search company and Laserlike Inc., an interest search engine startup based on Machine Learning.At Google, Mountain View, he led a team developing Google News, a service that automatically indexes over 25,000 news websites in more than 35 languages to provide a summary of the News resources. Among other projects, he opened the Google India's Research and Development center at Bengaluru, India.He is on the Board of Visitors of Columbia Journalism School and John S. Knight Journalism Fellowships at Stanford.Krishna Bharat created Google News in the aftermath of the September 11, 2001 attacks to keep himself abreast of the developments. Since then, it has been a popular offering from Google's services. Google News was one of Google's first endeavors beyond offering just plain text searches on its page.


== Personal life ==
Krishna Bharat grew up in Bengaluru.


== Education ==
He completed his schooling from St. Joseph's Boys' High School in Bengaluru, and received an undergraduate degree in computer science from the Indian Institute of Technology, Madras. He subsequently received a Ph.D from Georgia Tech in Human Computer Interaction.


== Career ==
Before joining Google in 1999, he worked at the DEC Systems Research Center where, with George Mihaila, he developed the Hilltop algorithm.


=== Tenure at Google ===
At Google he developed so-called LocalRank, which can be considered to be an adaptation of Hilltop.
He worked on web search and information extraction at Google between 1999 and 2015, and left Google in 2015 to become a founding adviser for Laserlike, a machine learning software startup, which was acquired by Apple in 2019. Krishna Bharat rejoined Google in July 2019 as a distinguished research scientist.


== Awards ==
In 2015, Krishna received the Distinguished Alumnus Award from his Alma mater IIT Madras.He received the 2003 World Technology Award for Media & Journalism.


== References ==


== External links ==
Bharat speaking at the International Press Institute congress in EdinburghSabeer Bhatia (born 30 December 1968) is an Indian-American businessman who co-founded the webmail company Hotmail.com.


== Career ==
Sabeer Bhatia briefly worked for Apple Computer (as a hardware engineer) and Firepower Systems Inc. He, along with his colleague Jack Smith, set up Hotmail on 4 July 1996, American Independence Day, symbolizing "freedom" from ISP-based e-mail and the ability to access a user's inbox from anywhere in the worldAs President and CEO, Bhatia led Hotmail until its eventual acquisition by Microsoft in 1998 for an estimated $400 million. Bhatia worked at Microsoft for one year after the Hotmail acquisition and in April 1999, left Microsoft to start another venture, Arzoo Inc, an e-commerce firm with investment from Mohammed Asif, a top Indian-American banker at JP Morgan.Bhatia started a free messaging service called JaxtrSMS. He said that JaxtrSMS would do to SMS what Hotmail did for e-mail. Claiming it to be a disruptive technology, he says that the operators will lose revenue on the reduction in number of SMSes on their network but will benefit from the data plan that the user has to buy. To date, JaxtrSMS service has failed to replicate the success of Hotmail. Recently, he invested in email collaboration software, ccZen and another e-commerce technology provider E-junkie.


== Personal life ==
Bhatia is of Sindhi heritage. His father, Baldev Bhatia, was a captain in the Indian Army and his mother worked for the Central Bank of India.
Sabeer Bhatia did his schooling from Bishops School, Pune.
Sabeer married Tanya Sharma in 2008 and they have a daughter together. Later, they filed for divorce in January 2013 in a court in San Francisco, citing "irreconcilable differences".


== References ==


== Further reading ==
Hirahara, Naomi; Smith, Henrietta M. (2003). Distinguished Asian American Business Leaders. Greenwood Publishing Group. pp. 23–26. ISBN 978-1573563444. Retrieved 17 November 2019.
Bronson, Po, "HotMale: Sabeer Bhatia started his company on $300,000 and sold it two years later for $400 million. So, is he lucky, or great?", Wired, Issue 6.12, December 1999
Sabeer Bhatia; Asian American Journalists Association (2000). Asian-Americans & society. West Lafayette, Ind., C-SPAN Archives. ISBN 9781573563444. OCLC 51456022.Gina Bianchini (born 1972) is an American entrepreneur and investor. She is the Founder & CEO of Mighty Networks.


== Early life and career ==
She grew up in Cupertino, California, graduated with honors from Stanford University, started her career in the nascent High Technology Group at Goldman, Sachs & Co., and received her M.B.A from Stanford Business School.Before Mighty Networks, she was CEO of Ning, which she co-founded with Marc Andreessen.
In addition to Mighty Networks, Gina serves as a board director of TEGNA (NYSE: TGNA), a $3 billion broadcast and digital media company, and served as a board director of Scripps Networks (NASDAQ: SNI), a $12 billion public company which owns HGTV, The Food Network, and The Travel Channel that merged with Discovery Communications in 2018.
Gina has been featured on the cover of Fortune and Fast Company and in Wired, Vanity Fair, Bloomberg, and The New York Times. She has appeared on Charlie Rose, CNBC, and CNN.


== References ==Julian Bigelow (March 19, 1913 – February 17, 2003) was a pioneering American computer engineer.


== Life ==
Bigelow was born in 1913 in Nutley, New Jersey. He obtained a master's degree at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, studying electrical engineering and mathematics. During World War II, he assisted Norbert Wiener in his research on automated fire control for anti-aircraft guns, leading to the development of the so-called Wiener filter.
Bigelow coauthored (with Wiener and Arturo Rosenblueth) one of the founding papers on cybernetics and modern teleology, "Behavior, Purpose and Teleology" (1943), which was published in Philosophy of Science. This paper mulled over the way mechanical, biological, and electronic systems could communicate and interact. This paper instigated the formation of the Teleological Society and later the Macy conferences. Bigelow was an active member of both organizations.  He was a visiting scholar for many years at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton.When John von Neumann sought to build one of the first digital computers at the Institute for Advanced Study, he hired Bigelow in 1946 as his "engineer," on Wiener's recommendation. The computer Bigelow built following von Neumann's design is called the IAS machine, although it was also called the MANIAC, a name that was later transferred to the successful clone of this machine at Los Alamos. Because von Neumann did not patent the IAS and wrote about it freely, 15 clones of the IAS were soon built. Nearly all general-purpose computers subsequently built are recognizable as influenced by the IAS machine's design.
Bigelow died on February 17, 2003 in Princeton, New Jersey.


== References ==


== Further reading ==
George B. Dyson (1997). Darwin among the Machines. Da Capo Press. ISBN 978-0-7382-0030-9.
John Markoff (February 22, 2003). "Julian Bigelow, 89, Mathematician and Computer Pioneer". NY Times Press.
George Dyson (2012). Turing's Cathedral. Pantheon Books. ISBN 978-0-375-42277-5.


== External links ==
George Dyson (March 2003). "George Dyson at the birth of the computer". TED talks. Retrieved May 26, 2011.
Richard R. Mertz (January 20, 1971). "Computer Oral History Collection, 1969-1973, 1977" (PDF). Smithsonian National Museum of American History. Retrieved April 9, 2012.Kim Binsted (born in New Jersey, US) is a professor in the Information and Computer Sciences Department at the University of Hawaii. Binsted's work explores artificial intelligence, human-computer interfaces, and long-duration human space exploration.


== Biography ==
Binsted completed her B.Sc. in Physics at McGill University in 1991. During her time at McGill she was a founding member of Montreal's On The Spot improv comedy troupe.Her Ph.D. in Artificial Intelligence was received from the University of Edinburgh in 1996. During her time at the University of Edinburgh she performed in what is now the Edinburgh Fringe's longest running improvised comedy troupe, The Improverts.Between 1997 and 1999, Binsted worked as an Associate Researcher at Sony's Computer Science Laboratories in Tokyo on human-computer interfaces.
During the summer of 2003 and 2004 Binsted was a NASA Summer Faculty Fellow at Ames Research Center in the Neuroengineering Lab where she the worked on sub-vocal speech recognition technology. She held the post of Chief Scientist on the FMARS 2007 Long Duration Mission, which entailed a four-month Mars exploration analogue on Devon Island in the Canadian High Arctic. On sabbatical during 2009 Binsted visited scientists at the Canadian Space Agency (CSA) to work on the CSA's planetary analogues program. From 2002 to 2014 she was a team member at the UH-NASA Astrobiology Institute.
In 2017, she was one of seventy-two applicants to become a Canadian astronaut.  She was unsuccessful.Binsted is the principal investigator on HI-SEAS (Hawaii Space Exploration Analog and Simulation).


== References ==


== External links ==
Kim Binsted Biography, University of Hawai'iRachel Binx is an American data visualizer, developer, and designer. She is the co-founder of Meshu and Gifpop, two companies that create physical objects, such as maps and animated GIFs, from social data.
Binx has also worked at Stamen Design and NASA.


== Early life and education ==
Binx is originally from New Mexico. In 2006, she moved to California to attend Santa Clara University, where she received a B.S. in Mathematics and a B.A. in Art History. After graduation, she freelanced in data visualization and web design.


== Stamen Design ==
In 2011, Binx joined Stamen Design, a design and technology studio in San Francisco, California. At Stamen, Binx worked on projects for clients such as MTV, Facebook, and Oprah.


== Business career ==
Binx has co-founded Meshu, Gifpop and monochōme, small companies that explore creating one-off physical objects from the data that customers find meaningful.Meshu was co-founded with Sha Hwang, another Stamen alumni. Meshu is a service where people can upload geographic data from services, such as Foursquare, to be made into jewelry and accessories. The resulting 3D printed object is created from data points uploaded by the user.
Gifpop is a service for making physical GIFs. The service prints lenticular-printed cards from uploaded gif files. It was launched via a Kickstarter project that raised over $35,000 from more than 1,000 backers.In 2014 Binx founded monochōme, a clothing company that allows customers to use map tiles from OpenStreetMaps to create a custom print on various articles.


== NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory ==
In 2015, Binx joined the NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory. Here, she builds  data visualization tools for rovers, satellites, and other space technology. Binx works as part of the human computer interaction research group building data visualization tools for mission evaluations.


== References ==


== External links ==
Official websiteChristophe Bisciglia (born 1980) is an American entrepreneur known for his work with big data and cloud computing. Known for helping to popularize the programming model MapReduce while working at Google, and in addition he co-founded Cloudera and WibiData.


== Early life and education ==
Bisciglia was born in 1980, and raised primarily in Gig Harbor, Washington. Bisciglia attended the University of Washington from 1999 to 2003 and graduated in 2003 with a bachelor of science degree from the department of Computer Science and Engineering. In 2015 he received an Honorary Doctorate degree from University of Washington.


== Computer science ==
Bisciglia's primary contribution to computer science has been the introduction of hands-on large-scale computing into the undergraduate computer science curriculum originally developed at the University of Washington. In 2008, along with co-authors, Aaron Kimball and Sierra Michels-Slettvet, Bisciglia published a research paper titled "Cluster Computing for Web-Scale Data Processing." This paper details the first MapReduce based large-scale computing course ever offered to undergraduate students, and has provided the foundation for similar courses at Carnegie Mellon University, Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), and Tsinghua University.


== Career ==
After graduating college he joined Google to work as software engineer on search quality. He founded and lead Google's Academic cloud computing initiative which provides Google hosted computational resources to facilitate education and research to universities around the world. In February 2008, the National Science Foundation joined this initiative to distribute Google's computational resources to the national research community. In 2008, Fortune (magazine) named Bisciglia as one of the 10 most fascinating Googlers and in 2010 he was named one of the smartest people in tech.Bisciglia left Google in 2008 in order to co-found Cloudera, in Palo Alto. The Cloudera company is now headquartered in Santa Clara and provides tools, services, and support, around data processing networks, like Hortonworks data platform, and Apache Hadoop. WibiData was founded by Bisciglia in 2010 and closed in 2015, and it was a San Francisco-based company that provided big data applications for enterprises to personalize their customer experiences. In 2018, he became a partner in the Inn at Kulaniapia Falls, a nature retreat in Hilo, Hawaii.


== Selected publications ==
Kimball, A.; Michels-Slettvet, S.; Bisciglia, C. (2008). "Cluster computing for web-scale data processing". ACM SIGCSE Bulletin. 40: 116–120. CiteSeerX 10.1.1.107.151. doi:10.1145/1352322.1352177.


== Notes ==Jeffery D. "Jeff" Black is an American chief executive officer and chief strategy officer associated with the information technology industry. He also is a programmer and inventor, holding six patents.


== Biography ==
At school Black studied business and computer science and artificial intelligence programming. In 1984 he went on to work at Digital Equipment Corporation, where he was one of its leaders for fourteen years. During that time, he was part of the team that developed AltaVista Black served as general manager at AltaVista. During his time at Digital, he filed several patents, with at least three in 1995 alone: a "Method for search engine generating supplemented search", a "Dynamically categorizing entity information", and a "Dynamically categorizing entity information", all assigned to AltaVista Company. At Digital, he also received a "top secret" clearance due to classified work for several agencies of the United States Government.In 1998, Black quit from Digital. He became CEO of Internet Marketing Inc. (IMI), the first web mapping service on the Internet. He also established the Laurel, Maryland-based iAtlas. IAtlas established the first database on businesses on the Internet, compiling information that could be purchased by third-party groups for 5000 dollars. It also established a search engine that enabled casual users to locate businesses in specific locations, the first search engine that was able to do that. Initially relying on a business incubator provided by Doug Humphrey, within a year it had secured three million dollars of venture capital. On August 3, 1999, iAtlas secured a partnership with Ameritech (then the largest telecommunications company in the Midwest), allowing Ameritech's yellow pages search engine to use the iAtlas Registry.In the early 2000s, Black established and then sold Hotels.com and Resorts.com. He also held management positions for BizExpense, Inc., Conomae Corporation, and Tandy Corporation.In 2005, he founded the startup company TalkPlus, based in San Mateo, California. TalkPlus serves as a mobile phone service that allows multiple phone lines to be used from a single mobile phone, as well as make calls from an existing landline phone number. The service allowed for new phone lines to be created for as much as one-tenth the cost of creating a new landline. Applications were also seen for use in conjunction with online dating services and online auction sites, to prevent callers related to those services from gaining access to permanent personal or business phone numbers. Black was inspired to develop the concept by work he did for the government during his time at Digital. In 2007, Black stepped down from his position of CEO, in order to assume the mantle of chief strategy officer, allowing him to work on continuing to develop new technology innovations and corporate strategies. He was replaced as CEO by Michael Toepel.Prior to its acquisition, Black was part of the staff of Trusted Opinion, a social networking website. He also serves on the board of directors of the Silicon Valley Cancer Foundation, a non-profit providing research into the causes and cures of cancer and information on its treatment. Black has also participated in Silicon Valley Open Doors technology conference, representing TalkPlus.


== References ==M. Brian Blake (born 1971) is an American computer scientist/software engineer and the eighth president of Georgia State University.  He was previously the executive vice president for academic affairs and provost at George Washington University; executive vice president of academic affairs and the Nina Henderson Provost at Drexel University; the dean of the graduate school and vice provost for academic affairs at the University of Miami; an associate dean for research and professor at the College of  Engineering at the University of Notre Dame; and department chair and professor of Computer Science at Georgetown University.
Blake was named as the most promising scientist in 2003 by Career Communications  and recognized as a Top 10 Emerging Scholar in Diverse Issues in Higher Education. His research has received more than $12 million in funding, and he is an author of more than 225 scholarly publications. He is an ACM Distinguished Scientist and a Fellow of the IEEE. Blake has also been a strong advocate for increasing diversity in the study of computer science and other STEM disciplines.


== Early life ==
M. Brian Blake was born and raised in Savannah, Georgia, and graduated from Benedictine Military School in 1989 and Georgia Institute of Technology in 1994. He spent six years working as a software architect, technical lead and expert developer with General Electric, Lockheed Martin, General Dynamics and The MITRE Corporation. While employed by Lockheed Martin, Blake earned his master's degree in electrical engineering from Mercer University and his doctoral degree from George Mason University.


== Georgetown University ==
In 1999, Blake became an adjunct professor in Georgetown University's Department of Computer Science. He was promoted to associate professor in 2005, becoming the youngest tenured African-American computer science professor in the nation. Blake was named chair of the Department of Computer Science in 2007. He was also director of graduate studies as the department launched its first graduate program, and ran a research group in Web-based systems that undertook more than $6 million in sponsored research.


== Administrative Leadership ==
Blake joined the University of Notre Dame in 2009 as professor of computer science and engineering and associate dean of engineering for research and graduate studies. His role included faculty development, student recruitment and diversity strategies, and working with corporate and foundation partners.In July 2012, Blake was named vice provost for academic affairs and dean of the Graduate School at the University of Miami. He was responsible for research on the university's Coral Gables campus, and worked with the deans of Miami's schools and colleges and the Faculty Senate on efforts to diversify the university's faculty. He oversaw graduate programs serving more than 5,200 students across 11 schools and colleges as dean of the Graduate School.Blake became the provost and executive vice president for academic affairs at Drexel University on August 1, 2015. He served as the chief academic officer of Drexel with responsibility for all academic functions, and the Office of the Provost oversees every academic program and supports academic and administrative offices. Under Blake's academic oversight, Drexel had its largest, most academically gifted freshman class, the University's highest retention rate, the highest overall research activity in history  leading to the University's first-ever Carnegie Classification as a R1 Doctoral University: Very High Research Activity  as well as a significant increase in the enrollment of professional master students. During his first four years, he had overseen the hire of 10 Deans and more than 75 faculty while significantly increasing the diversity of administrative offices. Blake's leadership of academic space planning led to new facilities for the College of Computing and Informatics and the School of Education. Blake oversaw the creation of several contemporary centers, including the Fabric Discovery Center, the Weight, Eating, and Lifestyle Science (WELL) Center, and the University's new Teaching and Learning Center. In 2017, Blake was named the Nina Henderson Provost  which recognizes and enables his central programs that enhance interdisciplinary initiatives across the institution. He conceived innovative interdisciplinary programs such as Drexel Areas of Research Excellence (DARE)  and Market-Driven Academic Program Ventures (MPV)  which have been credited with helping enhance research and graduate education, respectively. He also oversaw the creation of the Drexel Business Solutions Institute  and the Experiential Edge program, which extended Drexel's mission for experiential learning.
On November 1, 2019, Blake joined George Washington University as its Provost and Executive Vice President for Academic Affairs. Blake joined President Thomas LeBlanc's team just after the university announced a controversial new enrollment strategy and after GW's U.S. News rank dropped 14 points in the previous two years. During his term, Blake reversed this trend by 7 points leading GW to an overall U.S. News National ranking of 63. Blake led the creation of several academic planning initiatives to consider future enrollments and virtual instruction  and also led the creation of a decentralized model to evolve GW’s research infrastructure. Blake also envisioned and led a successful initiative to provide full need to Pell-eligible students at GW starting Fall 2021. Blake’s tenure has coincided with university frustration at the administration that has been expressed in various ways, including a faculty poll expressing concerns about the presidential leadership team. During his time as Provost, Blake was also on the short list to become President of the University of Rhode Island. On June 10, 2021, he was named the sole finalist for the position of President of Georgia State University.


== Georgia State University ==
In 2021, Blake became the eighth president of Georgia State University and the institution's first African-American president. Blake is leading a new strategic vision for Georgia State that emphasizes four pillars: Research and Innovation, Student Success, College to Careers, and Identity and Placemaking.


== Personal life ==
Blake is married to Bridget Blake, project management consultant for The MITRE Corporation, who has a bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering from Georgia Institute of Technology, an MBA from Johns Hopkins University and a doctorate in Business Administration from Drexel University. The couple has two sons, Brendan and Bryce.


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website
Drexel Press ReleaseWoodrow Wilson "Woody" Bledsoe (November 12, 1921 – October 4, 1995) was an American mathematician, computer scientist, and prominent educator. He is one of the founders of artificial intelligence (AI), making early contributions in pattern recognition and automated theorem proving. He continued to make significant contributions to AI throughout his long career.
Beginning in 1966, he worked at the department of mathematics and computer science of the University of Texas at Austin, holding the Peter O'Donnell Jr. Centennial Chair in Computing Science starting in 1987.: 723 Bledsoe joined The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints as an adult, and served in the church as a bishop, counselor to the Stake presidency, and Stake patriarch. He also served as a leader in the Boy Scouts of America. Bledsoe died on October 4, 1995 of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, more commonly known as ALS or Lou Gehrig's disease.


== Further reading ==
Boyer, Anne Olivia; Boyer, Robert S. (1991). "A Biographical Sketch of W. W. Bledsoe".  In Boyer, Robert S. (ed.). Automated Reasoning: Essays in Honor of Woody Bledsoe. Kluwer Academic Publishers Group. pp. 1–29. CiteSeerX 10.1.1.57.3396.


== Selected publications ==
W.W. Bledsoe (1977). "Non-Resolution Theorem Proving". Artificial Intelligence. 9: 1–35. CiteSeerX 10.1.1.455.6139. doi:10.1016/0004-3702(77)90012-1.
W.W. Bledsoe; I. Browning (1959). "Pattern Recognition and Reading by Machine". Papers Presented at the December 1–3, 1959, Eastern Joint IRE-AIEE-ACM Computer Conference. IRE-AIEE-ACM '59 (Eastern): 225–232. doi:10.1145/1460299.1460326. S2CID 15672245.
Woody Bledsoe (1986). "I Had a Dream: AAAI Presidential Address, 19 August 1985". AI Magazine. 7 (1): 57–61.


== References ==


== External links ==
Michael Ballantyne, Robert S. Boyer and Larry Hines. "Woody Bledsoe: His Life and Legacy" AI Magazine, Vol. 17. No. 1, pp. 7–20, Spring 1996, American Association for Artificial Intelligence.
W.W. Bledsoe's publications at DBLP
W.W. Bledsoe at the chess programming wikiGuy Edward Blelloch is a professor of computer science at Carnegie Mellon University. He is known for his work in parallel programming and parallel algorithms. He teaches the 15-853: Algorithms in the Real World course, the 15-492: Parallel Algorithms (Spring 09) course, and the 15-210: Parallel and Sequential Data Structure and Algorithms (Fall 11) course at the Carnegie Mellon University.
In 2011 he was inducted as a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery.


== See also ==
Parallel programming


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website
Guy Edward Blelloch at the Mathematics Genealogy ProjectChristopher Blizzard is a Developer Relations lead at Facebook. Formerly, he worked as an Open Source Evangelist at the Mozilla Corporation and has contributed to other open source projects, including Red Hat and One Laptop Per Child.
Prior to his position as Open Source Evangelist he was the Software Team Lead for the One Laptop Per Child project at Red Hat and sat on the Mozilla Corporation Board of Directors. Before joining the One Laptop Per Child project he was a Systems Engineer and Open Source software developer working at Red Hat.


== One Laptop Per Child ==
Blizzard was the OLPC Software Team Lead through Red Hat. He helped to develop the project's modified version of Fedora Core Linux. He handled all integration and community work with the OLPC project and unveiled the laptop in a video on Friday, June 2, 2006. Chris was also involved with the development of the OLPC's Sugar interface.


== References ==Misty Blowers is the Chief Technology Officer of the US Marine Corps, an American computer scientist and professor of blockchain technologies at George Mason University. She was awarded the 2018 Early Achievement Award from SPIE.


== Early life and education ==
Blowers attended Oneida High School in Oneida County, New York. She attended State University of New York College of Environmental Science and Forestry, where she earned a Bachelors degree in Paper Science in 1995. After graduating she spent six years working at Chemical Process Equipment Suppliers designing new pulp mill systems. Blowers completed a Masters in Computer Science at Syracuse University in 2003. She obtained her doctorate in Applied Science and Engineering at the State University of New York College of Environmental Science and Forestry in 2009.


== Career ==
Blowers began to work for the Air Force Research Laboratory. She managed Cyber Operations and looked after over $175 million government contracts. Blowers has several patents for detection and tracking. She designed and developed a machine learning-based approach to monitor complex systems in real time and provide actionable alerts. In 2014 she was named "Technologist of the Year" by the Technical Association of Central New York, and is the only woman ever to win the prize.She, along with a group of high school children, wrote the book Evolution of Cyber Operations and Technologies to 2035 in 2015. She founded Datalytica LLC in 2015. Blowers is involved with the development of programs for the US Department of Defense. She is an adjunct professor in Blockchain Technologies at George Mason University. Blowers was corporate director of strategic development at Peraton and performs similar work several other companies.She was awarded the 2018 Early Achievement Award from SPIE. She was appointed to a NATO task force on Mission Assurance of Autonomous Unmanned Systems.


== References ==Avrim Blum (born 27 May 1966) is a computer scientist.  In 2007, he was made a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery "for contributions to learning theory and algorithms." Blum attended MIT, where he received his Ph.D. in 1991 under professor Ron Rivest. He was a professor of computer science at Carnegie Mellon University from 1991 to 2017.In 2017, he joined Toyota Technological Institute at Chicago as professor and Chief Academic Officer.
His main work has been in the area of theoretical computer science, with particular activity in the fields of machine learning, computational learning theory, algorithmic game theory, database privacy, and algorithms.
Avrim is the son of two other well-known computer scientists, Manuel Blum, 1995 Turing Award winner, and Lenore Blum.


== See also ==
Co-training


== References ==


== External links ==
Videos of Avrim lecturingDorothy Toplitzky Blum (February 21, 1924 – October 1980) was an American computer scientist and cryptanalyst. She worked for the National Security Agency and its predecessors from 1944 until her death in 1980.


== Early life ==
Dorothy Toplitzky was born in 1924 in New York City to Austro-Hungarian immigrant parents.


== Career ==
After graduating from Brooklyn College in 1944, she joined the cryptologic unit of the U.S. Army. This unit focused on cryptanalysis, the study of analyzing information systems to gain access to hidden aspects of systems, in this case, the Axis powers' encrypted messages. After World War II, she worked for the United States Armed Forces Security Agency and later the National Security Agency (NSA).During her time at the NSA in the 1950s, Blum was tasked with "keep[ing] abreast of the latest advances in the field of computing" and recommended computer technologies that could be adapted for cryptanalysis and communications intelligence. This included her use of the FORTRAN programing language beginning three years before its public release in 1957. She wrote computer software for the NSA and spearheaded the effort to teach NSA employees to write cryptanalytic programs.Throughout the 1960s and 1970s, Blum continued to work in the field of computer science, helping to design the NSA's computer systems and automate processes. In 1972, she became the chief of the NSA Computer Operations Organization (C7), the only woman at the time in the organization's management hierarchy. She was appointed chief of Plans and Project Development Organization (T4) in the Telecommunications and Computer Services Organization in 1977. She was also involved in the Women in NSA (WIN) group.


== Legacy ==
Blum died from cancer in October 1980, aged 56. An internal award at the NSA - the Dorothy T Blum Award for excellence in employee personal and professional development - was named after her. In 2004, she was inducted into the NSA Hall of Honor. An official NSA biography states that, in her 36-year career, Blum "significantly changed the way NSA did cryptanalysis." She was also elected one of the top 100 "most outstanding women in the federal government."


== Personal life ==
In 1950, she married NSA mathematician Joseph Blum, and they later had a son, David Blum.


== References ==Lenore Carol Blum (née Epstein, born December 18, 1942) is an American computer scientist and mathematician who has made pioneering contributions to the theories of real number computation, cryptography, and pseudorandom number generation. She was a distinguished career professor of computer science at Carnegie Mellon University until 2019 and is currently a professor in residence at the University of California, Berkeley. She is also known for her efforts to increase diversity in mathematics and computer science.


== Early life and education ==
Blum was born to a Jewish family in New York City, where her mother was a science teacher. They moved to Venezuela when Blum was nine.
After graduating from her Venezuelan high school at age 16, she studied architecture at Carnegie Institute of Technology (now Carnegie Mellon University) beginning in 1959. With the assistance of Alan Perlis, she shifted fields to mathematics in 1960. She married Manuel Blum, then a student at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and transferred in 1961 to Simmons College, a private women's liberal arts college in Boston. Simmons did not have a strong mathematics program but she was eventually able to take Isadore Singer's mathematics classes at MIT, graduating from Simmons with a B.S. in mathematics in 1963.She received her Ph.D. in mathematics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1968.   Her dissertation, Generalized Algebraic Theories: A Model Theoretic Approach, was supervised by Gerald Sacks. She had switched to being advised by Sacks after being unable to follow an earlier advisor in his move to Princeton University because, at the time, Princeton did not accept female graduate students.


== Career ==
After completing her doctorate, Blum went to the University of California at Berkeley to work with Julia Robinson as a postdoctoral fellow and lecturer in mathematics.
However, the department had no permanent positions for women, and after two years, her position as lecturer was not renewed. In 1971 she became one of the founders of the Association for Women in Mathematics.[AWM]
In 1973 she joined the faculty of Mills College, a women's college in the Oakland hills near Berkeley. In 1974 she founded the mathematics and computer science department at Mills, at that time the only computer science program at a women's college. She served as the head or co-head of the department for 13 years. From 1975 to 1978 she served as the third president of the Association for Women in Mathematics.[AWM] In 1979 she was awarded an endowed professorship, the first Letts-Villard Chair at Mills.In 1983 Blum won a National Science Foundation Visiting Professorship for Women award to work with Michael Shub for two years at the CUNY Graduate Center.
In 1987 she spent a year at IBM.
In 1992 Blum became the deputy director of the Mathematical Sciences Research Institute (MSRI), working there with its director William Thurston.  After visiting the City University of Hong Kong in 1996–1998 to work on her book Complexity and Real Computation (during Hong Kong's handover from British to Chinese rule), she became a Distinguished Career Professor of Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) in 1999.At CMU, she took the philosophy that the low numbers of women majoring in computer science were in part caused by a vicious cycle: because there were few women, the women in computer science had fewer support networks (such as friends in the same major to help them with coursework) than men. And because these factors made being a computer scientist less pleasant and more difficult for the women, fewer women chose to major in computer science. Instead of the then-popular approach of changing the curriculum to be more application-centric in the hope of attracting women, she pushed to maintain a traditional computer science program but to change the culture surrounding the program to be more welcoming. In support of this goal, she founded the Women@SCS program at CMU, which provided both mentoring and outreach opportunities for women in computer science.
Through this program, which came to be directed by Blum's student Carol Frieze, CMU was able to increase the proportion of women in the undergraduate computer science program to nearly 50%.Blum also founded Project Olympus at CMU, a business incubator program that led to many startups in Pittsburgh associated with CMU and its computer program.
She resigned from CMU in 2018 (effective August 2019) after a change in management structure of Project Olympus led to sexist treatment of her and the exclusion of other women from project activities.


== Research ==
The Blum Blum Shub pseudorandom number generator, published jointly by Blum, Manuel Blum, and Michael Shub, is based on the operation of squaring numbers modulo the products of two large primes. Its security can be reduced to the computational hardness assumption that integer factorization is infeasible.[BBS]Blum is also known for the Blum–Shub–Smale machine, a theoretical model of computation over the real numbers. Blum and her co-authors, Michael Shub and Stephen Smale, showed that (analogously to the theory of Turing machines) one can define analogues of NP-completeness, undecidability, and universality for this model. For instance, in this model it is undecidable to determine whether a given point belongs to the Mandelbrot set.[BSS] She published a book on the subject,[CRC] and in 1990 she gave an address at the International Congress of Mathematicians on computational complexity theory and real computation.


== Recognition ==
In 2002, Blum was selected to be an Association for Women in Mathematics Noether Lecturer.In 2005, Blum was a recipient of the Presidential Award for Excellence in Science, Mathematics, and Engineering Mentoring, given by president George W. Bush "for her efforts to mentor girls and women in technology fields where traditionally they are underrepresented". She was given the Simmons University 2018 Distinguished Alumnae Lifetime Achievement Award in 2018.Blum was elected as a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in 1979.
In 2012, Blum became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.  In 2017 she was selected as a fellow of the Association for Women in Mathematics in the inaugural class.


== Personal life ==
Lenore Blum is married to Manuel Blum and is the mother of Avrim Blum.  All three have been MIT alumni and professors of Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon.


== Selected publications ==


== References ==


== External links ==
Lenore Blum's Home PageManuel Blum (born 26 April 1938) is a Venezuelan-American computer scientist who received the Turing Award in 1995 "In recognition of his contributions to the foundations of computational complexity theory and its application to cryptography and program checking".


== Education ==
Blum was born to a Jewish family in Venezuela. Blum was educated at MIT, where he received his bachelor's degree and his master's degree in electrical engineering in 1959 and 1961 respectively, and his Ph.D. in mathematics in 1964 supervised by Marvin Minsky.


== Career ==
Blum worked as a professor of computer science at the University of California, Berkeley until 2001. From 2001 to 2018, he was the Bruce Nelson Professor of Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University, where his wife, Lenore Blum, was also a professor of Computer Science. 
In 2002, he was elected to the United States National Academy of Sciences. In 2006, he was elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering for contributions to abstract complexity theory, inductive inference, cryptographic protocols, and the theory and applications of program checkers.
In 2018 he and his wife Lenore resigned from Carnegie Mellon University to protest against sexism after a change in management structure of Project Olympus led to sexist treatment of her as director and the exclusion of other women from project activities.


== Research ==
In the 60s he developed an axiomatic complexity theory which was independent of concrete machine models. The theory is based on Gödel numberings and the Blum axioms. Even though the theory is not based on any machine model it yields concrete results like the compression theorem, the gap theorem, the honesty theorem and the Blum speedup theorem.
Some of his other work includes a protocol for flipping a coin over a telephone, median of medians (a linear time selection algorithm), the Blum Blum Shub pseudorandom number generator, the Blum-Goldwasser cryptosystem, and more recently CAPTCHAs.Blum is also known as the advisor of many prominent researchers. Among his Ph.D. students are Leonard Adleman, Dana Angluin, Shafi Goldwasser, Mor Harchol-Balter, Russell Impagliazzo, Silvio Micali, Gary Miller, Moni Naor, Steven Rudich, Michael Sipser, Ronitt Rubinfeld, Umesh Vazirani, Vijay Vazirani, Luis von Ahn, and Ryan Williams.


== See also ==
List of Venezuelans
Graph isomorphism problem
Non-interactive zero-knowledge proof
Quantum coin flipping
Pancake sorting


== References ==Aaron F Bobick is dean of the McKelvey School of Engineering at Washington University in St. Louis.
Bobick’s research is in the field of artificial intelligence and computer vision.  He has chaired and published papers in top-tier academic conferences in these areas.  His research and expert opinions on technology have also been reported in major news sources.


== Biography ==


=== Education ===
Bobick has received his undergraduate degrees in 1981 in Mathematics and Computer Science from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.  Following this, Bobick received his Ph.D. (1987), in Cognitive Science, also from MIT.


=== Research career ===
Upon receiving his Ph.D. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Bobick worked at the MIT Media Lab as an assistant and associate professor until he left to accept a position as an associate professor at the Georgia Institute of Technology in the College of Computing.  After arriving at Georgia Tech, Bobick served as the director of the GVU Center, a center focussed initially on graphics, visualization and usability in computer science, and in 2007 became the first chair of the new School of Interactive Computing.Among Bobick’s accomplishments is KidsRoom, an immersive entertainment and learning environment that was a featured exhibit in the Millennium Dome.  His expertise in using computer vision techniques to recognize people has received international attention in the popular press, including the BBC News and ABC News.


== Research interests ==
Bobick's research lies generally in the fields of Artificial Intelligence (AI) and computer vision.  However, his research has also included research in the area of ubiquitous computing with a particular focus on smart home environments and living laboratories.


== See also ==


== References ==


== External links ==
Bobick's Academic Home Page
Computational Perception LabDaniel Gureasko Bobrow (29 November 1935 – 20 March 2017) was an American computer scientist who created an oft-cited artificial intelligence program STUDENT, with which he earned his PhD., worked at BBN Technologies (BBN), then was a Research Fellow in the Intelligent Systems Laboratory of the Palo Alto Research Center.
Born in New York City, he earned his BS from RPI in 1957, SM from Harvard in 1958, and PhD in Mathematics from MIT under the supervision of Marvin Minsky in 1964. At BBN, he was a developer of TENEX.Bobrow was the President of the American Association for Artificial Intelligence (AAAI), chair of the Cognitive Science Society, Editor-in-chief of the journal Artificial Intelligence.  He shared the 1992 ACM Software System Award with five other PARC scientists (Richard R. Burton, L. Peter Deutsch, Ronald Kaplan, Larry Masinter, and Warren Teitelman)  for his work on Interlisp. He was an ACM Fellow and a AAAI fellow.


== Further reading ==
Rusty Bobrow (Daniel's brother), "Danny Bobrow: A Personal Recollection", AI Magazine 38:4:85-86 (2017) full text


== References ==Barry W. Boehm (born 1935) is an American software engineer, distinguished professor of computer science, industrial and systems engineering; the TRW Professor of Software Engineering; and founding director of the Center for Systems and Software Engineering at the University of Southern California. He is known for his many contributions to the area of software engineering.
In 1996, Boehm was elected as a member into the National Academy of Engineering for contributions to computer and software architectures and to models of cost, quality, and risk for aerospace systems.


== Biography ==
Boehm received a B.A. in mathematics from Harvard University in 1957, and a M.S. in 1961, and Ph.D. from UCLA in 1964, both in mathematics as well. He has also received honorary Sc.D. in Computer Science from the U. of Massachusetts in 2000 and in Software Engineering from the Chinese Academy of Sciences in 2011.In 1955 he started working as a programmer-analyst at General Dynamics. In 1959 he switched to the RAND Corporation, where he was head of the Information Sciences Department until 1973. From 1973 to 1989 he was chief scientist of the Defense Systems Group at TRW Inc. From 1989 to 1992 he served within the U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) as director of the DARPA Information Science and Technology Office, and as director of the DDR&E Software and Computer Technology Office.  Since 1992 he is TRW Professor of Software Engineering, Computer Science Department, and director, USC Center for Systems and Software Engineering, formerly Center for Software Engineering.
He has served on the board of several scientific journals, including the IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering, Computer, IEEE Software, ACM Computing Reviews, Automated Software Engineering, Software Process, and Information and Software Technology.


== Awards ==
Recent awards for Barry Boehm include the Office of the Secretary of Defense Award for Excellence in 1992, the ASQC Lifetime Achievement Award in 1994, the ACM Distinguished Research Award in Software Engineering in 1997, and the IEEE International Stevens Award. He is an AIAA Fellow, an ACM Fellow, an IEEE Fellow, and a member of the National Academy of Engineering (1996). He received the Mellon Award for Excellence in Mentoring in 2005 and the IEEE Simon Ramo Medal in 2010. He was appointed as a distinguished professor on January 13, 2014He was awarded the INCOSE Pioneer Award in 2019 by the International Council on Systems Engineering for significant pioneering contributions to the field of systems engineering.


== Work ==
Boehm's research interests include software development process modeling, software requirements engineering, software architectures, software metrics and cost models, software engineering environments, and knowledge-based software engineering.His contributions to the field, according to Boehm (1997) himself, include "the Constructive Cost Model (COCOMO), the spiral model of the software process, the Theory W (win-win) approach to software management and requirements determination and two advanced software engineering environments: the TRW Software Productivity System and Quantum Leap Environment".


=== Software versus hardware costs ===
In an important 1973 report entitled "Ada - The Project : The DoD High Order Language Working Group" to the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), Boehm predicted that software costs would overwhelm hardware costs. DARPA had expected him to predict that hardware would remain the biggest problem, encouraging them to invest in even larger computers. The report inspired a change of direction in computing.


=== Software economics ===
Barry Boehm's 1981 book Software Engineering Economics documents his Constructive Cost Model (COCOMO). It relates software development effort for a program, in Person-Months (PM), to Thousand Source Lines of Code (KSLOC).

  
    
      
        P
        M
        =
        A
        ∗
        (
        K
        S
        L
        O
        C
        
          )
          
            B
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle PM=A*(KSLOC)^{B}}
  
Where A is a calibration constant based on project data and B is an exponent for the software diseconomy of scale.

Note: since man-years are not interchangeable with years, Brooks' Law applies:
Adding programmers to a late project makes it later.
Thus this formula is best applied to stable software development teams which have completed multiple projects.


=== Spiral model ===

Boehm also created the spiral model of software development, in which the phases of development are repeatedly revisited. This iterative software development process influenced MBASE and extreme programming.


=== Wideband Delphi ===
Boehm refined the Delphi method of estimation to include more group iteration, making it more suitable for certain classes of problems, such as software development.  This variant is called the Wideband Delphi method.


=== Incremental Commitment Model ===
The Incremental Commitment Model (ICM) is a system design, developmental, and evolution process for 21st century systems. The systems' types cover a wide range from COTS based systems to "routine" Information Systems to human intensive and life or safety critical.It was only in 1998, after the development of the ICM that Barry Boehm along with A Winsor Brown started to focus on reconciling it with the WinWin Spiral Model and its incarnation in MBASE and the follow-on Lean MBASE, and working towards an Incremental Commitment Model for Software (ICMS) by adapting the existing WinWin Spiral Model support tools.
In 2008, the evolving ICM for Software with its risk-driven anchor point decisions, proved very useful to several projects which ended up having unusual life cycle phase sequences.


== Publications ==
Barry Boehm has published over 170 articles and several books. Books, a selection:

1978. Characteristics of Software Quality. With J.R. Brown, H. Kaspar, M. Lipow, G. McLeod, and M. Merritt, North Holland.
1981. Software Engineering Economics. Englewood Cliffs, NJ : Prentice-Hall, 1981 ISBN 0-13-822122-7.
— (1989). "Software Risk Management".  In Ghezzi, C.; McDermid, J. A. (eds.). Proceedings of 2nd European Software Engineering Conference. ESEC'89. LNCS. Vol. 387. pp. 1–19. doi:10.1007/3-540-51635-2_29. ISBN 3-540-51635-2. ISSN 0302-9743.
1996. Ada and Beyond: Software Policies for the Department of Defense. National Academy Press.
2007. Software engineering: Barry Boehm's lifetime contributions to software development, management and research. Ed. by Richard Selby. Wiley/IEEE press, 2007. ISBN 0-470-14873-X.
2004. Balancing Agility and Discipline: A Guide for the Perplexed. With Richard Turner. Person Education, Inc 2004 ISBN 0-321-18612-5.
2014. The Incremental Commitment Spiral Model: Principles and Practices for Successful Systems and Software. B. Boehm, J. Lane, S. Koolmanojwong, R. Turner. Addison-Wesley Professional, 2014. ISBN 0-321-80822-3.Articles1996. "Anchoring the Software Process",. In: IEEE Software, July 1996.
1997. "Developing Multimedia Applications with the WinWin Spiral Model," with A. Egyed, J. Kwan, and R. Madachy. In: Proceedings, ESEC/FSE 97 and ACM Software Engineering Notes, November 1997.


== References ==


== External links ==
Barry Boehm home page
"A View of 20th and 21st Century Software Engineering" — talk by Barry BoehmSharla Boehm, née Perrine, (born 1929, Seattle) is an American computer scientist who carried out pioneering work in packet switching while working for the RAND Corporation in the 1960s.


== Biography ==
Born in Seattle in 1929, Sharla Perrine moved to Santa Monica three years later. After graduating in mathematics from the University of California, Los Angeles, she taught mathematics and science in Santa Monica schools. She began to work at RAND in 1959 where she met her husband to be, Barry Boehm.In 1964, together with her colleague Paul Baran, she published a paper titled "On Distributed Communications: II. Digital Simulation of Hot-Potato Routing in a Broadband Distributed Communications Network". As her name appears first in the original paper, she seems to have been the one who was behind the simulation programmed in Fortran, showing that packet switching (or "hot-potato routing" as it was called) could indeed work.In RAND and the Information Evolution, Baran describes how Boehm carried out various simulations under different conditions, demonstrating that the protocol routed traffic efficiently. In particular, it was discovered that if half the network was destroyed, the remainder reorganized and began routing again in less than a second.In a 1996 paper on "An Early Application Generator and Other Recollections", Barry Boehm notes that Sharla Boehm "had developed the original packet-switched network simulation with Paul Baran", a development which led him to become involved in the pioneering ARPAnet Working Group.


== References ==Kurt Bollacker is an American computer scientist with a research background in the areas of machine learning, digital libraries, semantic networks, and electro-cardiographic modeling.
He received a Ph.D. in Computer Engineering from The University Of Texas At Austin. Bollacker spent time as a biomedical research engineer at the Duke University Medical Center where worked on electro-cardiography. He is co-creator of the CiteSeer research tool which was produced while he was a visiting researcher at the NEC Research Institute.
During his tenure as Technical Director of the Internet Archive, Bollacker lead the work to create The Wayback Machine.  While Chief Scientist at Metaweb Technologies he was key contributor to the development of Freebase. After Metaweb, Bollacker worked at Applied Minds and as a consulting Data Scientist.Bollacker is a dedicated activist who is involved with multiple non-profit organizations. He serves on the Advisory Board of The Common Crawl Foundation  For several years he has pursued research on long term digital archiving as the Digital Research Director at the non-profit Long Now Foundation.


== References ==


== External links ==
U.T. Austin student page for Kurt Bollacker
CiteSeer
Bollacker's article in American Scientist "Avoiding a Digital Dark Age"Terry Benton Bollinger (born February 6, 1955, Fredericktown, Missouri) is an American computer scientist who works at the MITRE Corporation. In 2003 he wrote an influential report for the U.S. Department of Defense (U.S. DoD) in which he showed that free and open source software (FOSS) had already become a vital part of the United States Department of Defense software infrastructure, and that banning or restricting its use would have had serious detrimental impacts on DoD security, research capabilities, operational capabilities, and long-term cost efficiency. His report ended a debate about whether FOSS should be banned from U.S. DoD systems, and in time helped lead to the current official U.S. DoD policy of treating FOSS and proprietary software as equals. The report is referenced on the DoD CIO web site and has been influential in promoting broader recognition of the importance of free and open source software in government circles. Bollinger is also known for his activity in the IEEE Computer Society, where he was an editor for IEEE Software for six years, wrote the founding charter for IEEE Security & Privacy Magazine, and received an IEEE Third Millennium Medal for lifetime contributions to IEEE. He has written about a wide range of software issues including effective development processes, cyber security, and distributed intelligence.


== Life and work ==
Bollinger received Bachelor's and master's degrees in Computer Science at the Missouri University of Science and Technology (S&T), from which he also received a Professional Degree in December 2009 for lifetime accomplishments. He has had a lifelong interest in multi-component (crowd) intelligence as an aspect of artificial intelligence, as well as a strong interest in the hard sciences, including the possible relevance of quantum theory to faster but fully classical, energy-efficient information processing in biological systems. His metaphors for understanding quantum entanglement and encryption have been quoted in the Russian technical press.From 2004 to 2010, Bollinger was the chief technology analyst for the U.S. DoD Defense Venture Catalyst Initiative (DeVenCI), an effort created by the Secretary of Defense after the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks. DeVenCI selects qualified applicants from leading venture capital firms to contribute voluntary time and expertise to finding emerging commercial companies and technologies that could be relevant to DoD technology needs.
Bollinger currently works full-time for the Office of Naval Research (ONR) research arm of the Marine Corps, where he helps assess and support research into the science of autonomy, robotics, and artificial intelligence.


== See also ==
Use of Free and Open Source Software (FOSS) in the U.S. Department of Defense


== Publications ==
See DBLP Bibliography for Terry Bollinger


== References ==Gloria Gordon Bolotsky (July 28, 1921 – June 30, 2009) was an American computer scientist, one of the early programmers of the ENIAC computer.


== Early life ==
Gloria Ruth Gordon was born in New York City. She attended a nursing school, but eventually graduated with a degree in mathematics from Brooklyn College.She married her husband, Max Bolotsky, a metallurgist, in 1948. They raised their family in Rockville, Maryland. They had five daughters.


== Career ==
Gordon worked at the Brooklyn Navy Yard as a mathematician before moving to Philadelphia to join the University of Pennsylvania's engineering school in the 1940s. She was part of a team of around a hundred scientists who participated in the programming of the ENIAC computer, which was designed to calculate artillery firing tables for the US Army. The initial programming had been done by six women.In 1946, Life magazine published a photograph of the ENIAC with two women working on it. Although the women were not identified at the time, the woman crouching was later revealed to be Gordon, while the other one was co-worker Ester Gerston.From Philadelphia, she was hired to a secret group at the Aberdeen Proving Ground in Maryland in 1947. In the 1950s, Gloria Bolotsky worked as a high school mathematics teacher in Towson for a year. In 1963, she joined the National Bureau of Standards in Gaithersburg, where she worked for the next twenty years. Her contributions included computer networking, embedding networks in telecommunications systems, and cost optimization techniques.


== Later life ==
Gloria Bolotsky's husband died in 1998 after forty-nine years of marriage. She died of cancer on June 30, 2009 in Gaithersburg, Maryland. She was interred at King David Memorial Gardens, Falls Church, Virginia.


== Selected publications ==
R G Saltman; Gloria R Bolotsky; Zella G Ruthberg (1973). Heuristic cost optimization of the federal telpak network. U.S. National Bureau of Standards.
Michel J Orceyre; Robert H Courtney; Gloria R Bolotsky (1978). Considerations in the selection of security measures for automatic data processing systems. U.S. Dept. of Commerce, National Bureau of Standards.
Joseph Collica; Mark Skall; Gloria R. Bolotsky (1980). Conversion of federal ADP systems: a tutorial. U.S. Dept. of Commerce, National Bureau of Standards.
Editorial contributions – Gerald D. Cole; Institute for Computer Sciences and Technology (1978). Design Alternatives for Computer Network Security. National Bureau of Standards.


== References ==


== Further reading ==
da Cruz, Frank (November 8, 2013). "Programming the ENIAC". Columbia University Computing History. Retrieved August 19, 2015.
Steel, Martha Vickers (December 11, 2001). "Women in Computing: Experiences and Contributions Within the Emerging Computing Industry" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on March 4, 2016. Retrieved August 19, 2015.Alexandra Boltasseva is Ron And Dotty Garvin Tonjes Professor of electrical and computer engineering at Purdue University, and editor-in-chief for The Optical Society's Optical Materials Express journal. Her research focuses on plasmonic metamaterials, manmade composites of metals that use surface plasmons to achieve optical properties not seen in nature.


== Education and Career ==
Boltasseva studied her bachelor and masters in physics at the Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology, completing her research projects on quantum-well lasers at the Lebedev Physical Institute. She moved to the Technical University of Denmark for her PhD studies in nanophotonics and nanofabrication, working with Sergey I. Bozhevolnyi. Following her PhD, Boltasseva worked at two photonics start-up companies before returning to the Technical University of Denmark as a postdoc and subsequently an associate professor. In 2008 she moved to Purdue University and is currently the Ron And Dotty Garvin Tonjes Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering, as well as holding a courtesy appointment in Materials Engineering.


== Research ==
Comparing graphene, complex oxides, and transition metal nitrides, she noted that the latter are thermally stable and biocompatible as well as compatible with computer systems. In the future, this research may let us combine optics with scale of traditional electronics.


== Awards, honors, memberships ==
A. Boltasseva's research earned her a number of awards:


== Optical Society ==
Boltasseva was assigned as editor-in-chief for The Optical Society's Optical Materials Express journal in 2016, taking over the role from David J. Hagan, founding editor-in-chief.


== References ==Jeff Bonwick invented and led development of the ZFS file system, which was used in Oracle Corporation's ZFS storage products as well as startups including Nexenta, Delphix, Joyent, and Datto, Inc.  Bonwick is also the inventor of slab allocation,  which is used in many operating systems including MacOS and Linux, and the LZJB compression algorithm.
His roles included Sun Fellow, Sun Storage CTO, and Oracle vice president.


== History ==
In 2010 Bonwick co-founded a small company called DSSD with Mike Shapiro and Bill Moore, and became chief technical officer.  He co-invented DSSD's system hardware architecture and software. He developed DSSD's whole-system simulator, which enabled the team to explore possible hardware topologies and software algorithms. DSSD was acquired by EMC Corporation in 2014, which then became part of Dell Technologies in 2016.
By the end of 2016, Bill Moore had left the company, while Bonwick remained as CTO. The DSSD product, called D5, was cancelled in March 2017.


== References ==Grady Booch (born February 27, 1955) is an American software engineer, best known for developing the Unified Modeling Language (UML) with Ivar Jacobson and James Rumbaugh. He is recognized internationally for his innovative work in software architecture, software engineering, and collaborative development environments.


== Education ==
Booch earned his bachelor's degree in 1977 from the United States Air Force Academy and a master's degree in electrical engineering in 1979 from the University of California, Santa Barbara.


== Career and research ==
Booch worked at Vandenberg Air Force Base after he graduated. He started as a project engineer and later managed ground-support missions for the space shuttle and other projects. After he gained his master's degree he became an instructor at the Air Force Academy.Booch served as Chief Scientist of Rational Software Corporation from its founding in 1981 through its acquisition by IBM in 2003, where he continued to work until March 2008.  After this he became Chief Scientist, Software Engineering in IBM Research and series editor for Benjamin Cummings.
Booch has devoted his life's work to improving the art and the science of software development. In the 1980s, he wrote one of the more popular books on programming in Ada. He is best known for developing the Unified Modeling Language with Ivar Jacobson and James Rumbaugh in the 1990s.


=== IBM 1130 ===
Booch got his first exposure to programming on an IBM 1130.
...  I pounded the doors at the local IBM sales office until a salesman took pity on me. After we chatted for a while, he handed me a Fortran [manual]. I'm sure he gave it to me thinking, "I'll never hear from this kid again." I returned the following week saying, "This is really cool. I've read the whole thing and have written a small program. Where can I find a computer?" The fellow, to my delight, found me programming time on an IBM 1130 on weekends and late-evening hours. That was my first programming experience, and I must thank that anonymous IBM salesman for launching my career. Thank you, IBM.


=== Booch method ===

Booch developed the Booch method of software development, which he presents in his 1991/94 book, Object Oriented Analysis and Design With Applications. He advises adding more classes to simplify complex code. The Booch method is a technique used in software engineering. It is an object modeling language and methodology that was widely used in object-oriented analysis and design. It was developed by Booch while at Rational Software.
The notation aspect of the Booch method has now been superseded by the Unified Modeling Language (UML), which features graphical elements from the Booch method along with elements from the object-modeling technique (OMT) and object-oriented software engineering (OOSE).
Methodological aspects of the Booch method have been incorporated into several methodologies and processes, the primary such methodology being the Rational Unified Process (RUP).


=== Design patterns ===
Booch is also an advocate of design patterns. For instance, he wrote the foreword to  Design Patterns, an early and highly influential book in the field.


=== IBM Research - Almaden ===
He now is part of IBM Research - Almaden, serving as Chief Scientist for Software Engineering, where he continues his work on the Handbook of Software Architecture and also leads several projects in software engineering that are beyond the constraints of immediate product horizons. Grady continues to engage with customers working on real problems and maintains deep relationships with academia and other research organizations around the world. Grady has served as architect and architectural mentor for numerous complex software-intensive systems around the world in just about every domain imaginable.


=== Publications ===
Grady Booch published several articles and books. A selection:


== Awards and honors ==

In 1995, Booch was inducted as a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery. He was named an IBM Fellow in 2003, soon after his entry into IBM, and assumed his current role on March 18, 2008.  He was recognized as an IEEE Fellow in 2010.  In 2012, the British Computer Society announced Booch would receive the Lovelace Medal and give the 2013 Lovelace Lecture. He gave the Turing Lecture in 2007. He was awarded the IEEE Computer Society Computer Pioneer award in 2016 for his pioneering work in Object Modeling that led to the creation of the Unified Modeling Language (UML).


== References ==


== External links ==
 Media related to Grady Booch at Wikimedia Commons
 Quotations related to Grady Booch at WikiquoteJohn Henry Booske is an American electrical and computer engineer. He is the Duane H. and Dorothy M. Bluemke Professor and Vilas Distinguished Achievement Professor in electrical and computer engineering at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. His research interests include experimental and theoretical study of coherent electromagnetic radiation, its sources and its applications, spanning the RF, microwave, millimeter-wave, and THz regimes.


== Early life and education ==
Booske was born to father Henry in Manheim Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, where he attended Manheim Township High School. Growing up, Booske swam competitively at the Lancaster County Pool where he set a record for the 17-and-under boys 200-meter freestyle relay team. He also attended Highland Presbyterian Church and was a member of the Eagle Scouts while enrolled in middle school. Booske continued to participate in the Scouts as he entered high school and was the recipient of a National Scholarship Merit Award to pay for his schooling at Pennsylvania State University.Following high school, Booske graduated with the highest distinction in nuclear engineering from Pennsylvania State University in 1980 and immediately began working at Lawrence Livermore Laboratory. While attending the university, Booske played on the Penn State water polo team and was a member of the Tau Beta Pi. As a result of his academic achievements, Booske received a full fellowship to attend the University of Michigan College of Engineering for graduate school. He completed his PhD in nuclear engineering from the University of Michigan in 1985.


== Career ==
Upon completing his PhD, Booske began working on a research project at the University of Maryland. He joined the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1990. As an assistant professor, Booske studied the properties of electromagnetic fields and waves and was the recipient of a Presidential Young Investigators Award for 1990 from the National Science Foundation. Within his first 10 years at the institution, he was the recipient of their Chancellor award and 2000 Benjamin Smith Reynolds Award for Excellence in Teaching. In 2005, Booske collaborated with Keith Thompson, David Larson, and Tom Kelly of Imago Scientific Instruments used Imago's local electrode atom probe microscope to pinpoint individual atoms of boron-a common additive, or dopant, in semiconductors-within a sea of silicon atoms. He published the results in a paper in Applied Physics Letters which demonstrated a way to image these vanishingly small devices by mapping them atom by atom.

By 2011, Booske was elected a Fellow of the American Physical Society for "pioneering contributions to the development of coherent radiation sources in the submillimeter wave and terahertz regime." The following year, he helped launch the Wisconsin Collaboratory for Enhanced Learning in two UW-Madison libraries to "transform from a classroom, to a small group work space, to a place to study or get tutoring." In 2016, Booske and Dane Morgan received a $1.3 million grant from the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency to synthesize large amounts of the material and further study its properties. They also set out to identify new materials that could act as electron sources.In 2018, Booske and Susan Hagness were asked by Ben Tilberg of Ocean Spray Cranberries to develop a more efficient, technologically advanced method to count cranberries. The device they created automated the counting process without having to pick any berries. In recognition of his leadership in the Wisconsin Collaboratory for Enhanced Learning, Booske received the  2018 innovative program award from the Electrical and Computer Engineering Department Heads Association. Two years later, he was the recipient of the John R. Pierce Award for Excellence in Vacuum Electronics by the IEEE Electron Devices Society's Vacuum Electronics Technical Committee. He also established the Booske, John & Joanne Grassman Undergraduate Scholarship Fund with his wife Joanne to fund tuition for undergraduates.


== Selected publications ==
Microwave and Radio Frequency Applications (2003)
Modern Microwave and Millimeter-Wave Power Electronics


== References ==


== External links ==
John H. Booske publications indexed by Google ScholarNathaniel S. Borenstein (born September 23, 1957) is an American computer scientist.
He is one of the original designers of the MIME protocol for formatting multimedia Internet electronic mail and sent the first e-mail attachment.


== Biography ==
Borenstein received a B.A. in Mathematics and Religious Studies from Grinnell College in 1980,  and a Ph.D in Computer Science from Carnegie Mellon University in 1985. Previously he attended Ohio State University (1974–75), Deep Springs College, California (1975–76), and the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Israel (1978–79). While at CMU, he co-developed the email component of the Andrew Project. The Andrew Message System was the first multi-media electronic mail system to become used outside of a laboratory. In 1989 he became a member of technical staff at Bellcore (Bell Communications Research). There he developed a series of standards so the various electronic mail systems could exchange multimedia messages in a common way.  He is responsible for sending the first MIME email attachment on March 11, 1992.
Borenstein was founder of First Virtual Holdings in 1994, called "the first cyberbank" by the Smithsonian Institution, and NetPOS.com in 2000. He worked at IBM as distinguished engineer starting in 2002 at Cambridge, Massachusetts. He then became chief scientist at email management company Mimecast in June 2010.He is author of Programming As If People Mattered: Friendly Programs, Software Engineering, and Other Noble Delusions (Princeton University Press, 1994) ISBN 0-691-03763-9.  He received the New York University Olive Branch Award for writing about peace in 1990, for an essay about his brief experience as a NATO consultant.His mentors include his doctoral advisor and the director of the Andrew project, Jim Morris, and Einar Stefferud, who initiated the MIME and First Virtual work.


== Personal life ==
Borenstein lives with his wife, Trina, in Ann Arbor and Greenbush, Michigan; they have four grown daughters, and three grandchildren.  He has been a vegetarian since 1972.  He is a pacifist, named his web server and wireless network "ahimsa", and has worked for a mix of pacifist, leftist, and libertarian causes.He was a child prodigy and had finished most of his high school curriculum by the end of third grade, before being restricted to studies at his own grade level beginning in fourth grade.  In 1973, with the help of the ACLU, he became the first US student ever to be awarded money damages from his principal and school board, in Bexley, Ohio, for violating his freedom of speech by sending him home for wearing a black armband on the second anniversary, in 1972, of the Kent State shootings. He has three brothers, Eliot Borenstein, a Guggenheim Fellowship winner and professor at NYU; Seth Borenstein, Associated Press Senior Science Reporter; and Joe Borenstein, a contractor and investor.


== Authored Requests For Comments (RFCs) ==
RFC 1341 – MIME (Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions)
RFC 1344 – Implications of MIME for Internet Mail Gateways
RFC 1437 – The Extension of MIME Content-Types to a new Medium (April Fools' Day RFC)
RFC 1524 – A User Agent Configuration Mechanism for Multimedia Mail Format Information
RFC 2045 – MIME Part One: Format of Internet Message Bodies
RFC 2046 – MIME Part Two: Media Types
RFC 2049 – MIME Part Five: Conformance Criteria and Examples


== References ==Anita Borg (January 17, 1949 – April 6, 2003) was an American computer scientist. She founded the Institute for Women and Technology and the Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing.


== Education and early life ==
Borg was born Anita Borg Naffz in Chicago, Illinois. She grew up in Palatine, Illinois; Kaneohe, Hawaii; and Mukilteo, Washington. Borg got her first programming job in 1969. Although she loved math while growing up, she did not originally intend to go into computer science and taught herself to program while working at a small insurance company. She was awarded a PhD in Computer Science by New York University in 1981 for research investigating the synchronization efficiency of operating systems supervised by Robert Dewar and Gerald Belpaire.She died because of brain cancer, in Sonoma, California, on 6 April 2003.


== Career ==
After receiving her PhD, Borg spent four years building a fault tolerant Unix-based operating system, first for Auragen Systems Corp. of New Jersey and then with Nixdorf Computer in Germany.In 1986, she began working for Digital Equipment Corporation, where she spent 12 years, first at the Western Research Laboratory. While at Digital Equipment, she developed and patented a method for generating complete address traces for analyzing and designing high-speed memory systems. Her experience running the ever-expanding Systers mailing list, which she founded in 1987, led her to work in email communication. As a consultant engineer in the Network Systems Laboratory under Brian Reid, she developed MECCA, an email and Web-based system for communicating in virtual communities.In 1997, Borg left Digital Equipment Corporation and began working as a researcher in the Office of the Chief Technology Officer at Xerox PARC. Soon after starting at Xerox, she founded the Institute for Women and Technology, having previously founded the Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing in 1994.


=== Advocacy for technical women ===
Borg passionately believed in working for greater representation of technical women. Her goal was to have 50% representation for women in computing by 2020. She strove for technical fields to be places where women would be equally represented at all levels of the pipeline, and where women could impact, and benefit from, technology.


=== Systers ===
In 1987, Borg founded Systers, the first email network for women in technology. While attending the Symposium on Operating Systems Principles (SOSP), she was struck by how few women were present at the conference. She and six or seven other women met in the ladies' room and talked about how few women there were in computing. A dozen of the women at the conference made plans to eat lunch together, and that is where the idea for Systers was formed.Systers was established to provide a private space for its members to seek input and share advice based on their common experiences. Systers membership was limited to women with highly technical training and discussions were strictly confined to technical issues. Borg oversaw Systers until 2000. Systers occasionally tackled issues that were not highly technical but pertained to its members. In 1992, when Mattel Inc. began selling a Barbie doll that said math class is tough, the voices of protest that started with the Systers list played a role in getting Mattel to remove that phrase from Barbie's microchip.


=== Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing ===
In 1994, Anita Borg and Telle Whitney founded the Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing. With the initial idea of creating a conference by and for women computer scientists, Borg and Whitney met over dinner, with a blank sheet of paper, having no idea how to start a conference, and started to plan out their vision. The first Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing was held in Washington, D.C., in June 1994, and brought together 500 technical women.


=== Institute for Women and Technology ===
In 1997, Borg founded the Institute for Women and Technology (now the Anita Borg Institute for Women and Technology). Two important goals behind the founding of the organization were to increase the representation of women in technical fields and to enable the creation of more technology by women. When founded, the institute was housed at Xerox PARC, although it was an independent nonprofit organization. The institute was created to be an experimental R&D organization focusing on increasing the impact of women on technology and increasing the impact of technology on the world's women. It ran a variety of programs to increase the role of technology, build the pipeline of technical women, and ensure that women's voices affected technological developments.In 2002, Telle Whitney took over as president and CEO of the institute, and in 2003, it was renamed in honor of Borg. Since its foundation, the Anita Borg Institute for Women and Technology has increased its programs in the United States and expanded internationally, more than quadrupling in size.


=== Awards and recognition ===
Borg was recognized for her accomplishments as a computer scientist, as well as for her work on behalf of women in computing. She received the Augusta Ada Lovelace Award from the Association for Women in Computing for her work on behalf of women in the computing field in 1995. In 1996 she was inducted as a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery. In 1999, President Bill Clinton appointed her to the Presidential Commission on the Advancement of Women and Minorities in Science, Engineering, and Technology. She was charged with recommending strategies to the nation for increasing the breadth of participation fields for women.In 2002, she was awarded the 8th Annual Heinz Award for Technology, the Economy and Employment. Also in 2002, Borg received an Honorary Doctor of Science and Technology degree from Carnegie Mellon University
Borg received the EFF Pioneer Award from the Electronic Frontier Foundation and was recognized by the Girl Scouts of the USA, as well as listed on Open Computing Magazine's Top 100 Women in Computing. Borg was also a member of the board of directors of the Computing Research Association and served as a member of the National Research Council's Committee on Women in Science and Engineering.


=== Legacy ===
In 1999, Borg was diagnosed with a brain tumor. She continued to lead the Institute for Women and Technology until 2002. She died on April 6, 2003, in Sonoma, California.In 2003, the Institute for Women and Technology was renamed to the Anita Borg Institute for Women and Technology, in honor of Borg.Several other awards and programs honor Borg's life and work. Google established the Google Anita Borg Memorial Scholarship in 2004 to honor the work of Borg. As of 2017 this program is known as the Women Techmakers Scholars Program. The program has expanded to include women in Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Europe, North Africa, and the Middle East. The UNSW School of Computer Science and Engineering offers the Anita Borg Prize, named in her honor.


== References ==Lorraine Borman is an American computer scientist associated with Northwestern University who specializes in information retrieval, computational social science, and human–computer interaction. She was one of the founders of SIGCHI, the Special Interest Group on Computer–Human Interaction of the Association for Computing Machinery, and became its first chair.


== Background ==
In the late 1960s and early 1970s, Borman worked at the Vogelback Computing Center of Northwestern University, where she published several works in information retrieval and computational social science. By 1977, she was editor of the Bulletin of the ACM Special Interest Group on the Social and Behavioral Science of Computing (SIGSOC), and in that role traveled to China with a group of Northwestern faculty and toured the computing facilities there.


== Founding SIGCHI ==
Beginning in 1978, she and SIGSOC chair Greg Marks began talking about refocusing SIGSOC, because by then the use of computers in the social sciences had become more mainstream, making it possible for SIGSOC's core constituency of social scientists to interact through social science societies instead of through the ACM. Borman and Marks found their new focus in human–computer interaction; Borman chaired a panel on this topic at an ACM Conference in 1978, and was the proceedings editor of a SIGSOC conference in 1981 centered on the topic. By 1982, they had persuaded the ACM to rename SIGSOC to SIGCHI. Borman became the first chair of the new SIG, and remained chair for six years.


== Awards and honors ==
In 1992, the ACM gave Borman their Outstanding Contribution to ACM Award and in 1994 they elected her as an ACM Fellow "for her diligent work and commitment to the development and growth of SIGCHI and for her creative spark and skilled workmanship which guided the research and publication of the DataPlan Committee reports." In 2003 she was given the SIGCHI Lifetime Service Award.


== References ==Alan H. Borning is an American Computer Scientist noted for his research on human computer interaction and object-oriented programming. In particular his research in human-computer interaction is on designing for human values. He works on systems to support civic engagement and deliberation, and works on tools to make public transportation easier to use. He has also worked on constraint-based languages and systems, and  cooperating constraint languages and solvers.


== Biography ==
Borning  received a B.A. in Mathematics from Reed College in 1971. He received a M.S. in Computer Science from Stanford University in 1974 and a Ph.D in Computer Science from  Stanford University in 1979.
He then joined the Department of Computer Science at the University of Washington in 1980, where in 2016 he is still a professor there. He is also an adjunct professor in the Information School, and a member of the Interdisciplinary Ph.D. Program in Urban Design and Planning.


== Awards ==
In the year 2001, he became an ACM Fellow for contributions to constraint-based languages, systems, and applications, to object-oriented programming; and to understanding issues of computers and society.


== References ==


== External links ==
University of Washington: Alan H. Borning, Department of Computer ScienceAllan Bertram Borodin  (born 1941) is a Canadian-American computer scientist who is a professor at the University of Toronto.


== Biography ==
Borodin did his undergraduate studies at Rutgers University, earning a bachelor's degree in mathematics in 1963. After earning a master's degree at the Stevens Institute of Technology in 1966 (while at the same time working part time as a programmer at Bell Laboratories), he continued his graduate studies at Cornell University, completing a doctorate in 1969 under the supervision of Juris Hartmanis.
He joined the Toronto faculty in 1969 and was promoted to full professor in 1977. He served as department chair from 1980 to 1985, and became University Professor in 2011.


== Awards and honors ==
Borodin was elected as a member of the Royal Society of Canada in 1991. In 2008 he won the CRM-Fields-PIMS prize. He became a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in 2011, and a fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery in 2014 "For contributions to theoretical computer science in complexity, on-line algorithms, resource tradeoffs, and models of algorithmic paradigms." In 2020 he received the Order of Canada.


== Selected publications ==
Research articlesBorodin, Allan (1972). "Computational complexity and the existence of complexity gaps". Journal of the ACM. 19 (1): 158–174. CiteSeerX 10.1.1.453.2374. doi:10.1145/321679.321691. S2CID 2387962.
Borodin, Allan (1977). "On relating time and space to size and depth". SIAM Journal on Computing. 6 (4): 733–744. CiteSeerX 10.1.1.394.1059. doi:10.1137/0206054. MR 0461984.
Ben-David, S.; Borodin, A.; Karp, R.; Tardos, G.; Wigderson, A. (1994). "On the power of randomization in on-line algorithms". Algorithmica. 11 (1): 2–14. doi:10.1007/BF01294260. MR 1247985. S2CID 26771869.BooksBorodin, Allan; Munro, Ian (1975). The Computational Complexity of Algebraic and Numeric Problems. Elsevier Computer Science Library; Theory of Computation Series. Vol. 1. New York, London, Amsterdam: American Elsevier Publishing Co., Inc. MR 0468309.
Borodin, A.; El-Yaniv, R. (1998). Online Computation and Competitive Analysis. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 978-0-521-56392-5.


== See also ==
Gap theorem
Online algorithms
Computational Complexity


== References ==


== External links ==
Home Page at University of TorontoKatherine Louise Bouman (; born 1989) is an American engineer and computer scientist working in the field of computer imagery. She led the development of an algorithm for imaging black holes, known as Continuous High-resolution Image Reconstruction using Patch priors (CHIRP), and was a member of the Event Horizon Telescope team that captured the first image of a black hole.The California Institute of Technology, which hired Bouman as an assistant professor in June 2019, awarded her a named professorship in 2020. In 2021, asteroid 291387 Katiebouman was named after her.


== Early life and education ==
Bouman grew up in West Lafayette, Indiana. Her father, Charles Bouman, is a professor of electrical and computer engineering and biomedical engineering at Purdue University.As a high school student, Bouman conducted imaging research at Purdue University. She graduated from West Lafayette Junior-Senior High School in 2007.Bouman studied electrical engineering at the University of Michigan and graduated summa cum laude in 2011. She earned her master's degree (2013) and doctoral degree (2017) in electrical engineering and computer science from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).
At MIT, she was a member of the MIT Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (CSAIL.) This group also worked closely with MIT's Haystack Observatory and with the Event Horizon Telescope. She was supported by a National Science Foundation Graduate Fellowship. Her master's thesis, Estimating Material Properties of Fabric through the Observation of Motion, was awarded the Ernst Guillemin Award for best Master's Thesis in electrical engineering. Her Ph.D. dissertation, Extreme imaging via physical model inversion: seeing around corners and imaging black holes, was supervised by William T. Freeman. Prior to receiving her doctoral degree, Bouman delivered a TEDx talk, How to Take a Picture of a Black Hole, which explained algorithms that could be used to capture the first image of a black hole.


== Research and career ==
After earning her doctorate, Bouman joined Harvard University as a postdoctoral fellow on the Event Horizon Telescope Imaging team.

Bouman joined Event Horizon Telescope project in 2013. She led the development of an algorithm for imaging black holes, known as Continuous High-resolution Image Reconstruction using Patch priors (CHIRP). CHIRP inspired image validation procedures used in acquiring the first image of a black hole in April 2019, and Bouman played a significant role in the project by verifying images, selecting parameters for filtering images taken by the Event Horizon Telescope, and participating in the development of a robust imaging framework that compared the results of different image reconstruction techniques. Her group is analyzing the Event Horizon Telescope's images to learn more about general relativity in a strong gravitational field.Bouman received significant media attention after a photo, showing her reaction to the detection of the black hole shadow in the EHT images, went viral. Some people in the media and on the Internet misleadingly implied that Bouman was a "lone genius" behind the image. However, Bouman herself repeatedly noted that the result came from the work of a large collaboration, showing the importance of teamwork in science. Bouman also became the target of online harassment, to the extent that her colleague Andrew Chael made a statement on Twitter criticizing "awful and sexist attacks on my colleague and friend", including attempts to undermine her contributions by crediting him solely with work accomplished by the team.
Bouman joined the California Institute of Technology (Caltech) as an assistant professor in June 2019, where she plans to work on new systems for computational imaging using computer vision and machine learning. According to her faculty webpage, she is an Assistant Professor of Computing and Mathematical Sciences, Electrical Engineering and Astronomy as well as a Rosenberg Scholar. Bouman received a named professorship at Caltech in 2020. 
In 2021, Bouman was awarded the Royal Photographic Society Progress Medal and Honorary Fellowship.


== References ==


== External links ==
Katie Bouman publications indexed by Google Scholar Event Horizon Telescope, C-SPAN, May 16, 2019Nikolaos G. Bourbakis (Νικόλαος Μπουρμπάκης; born 1950 in Chania, Crete) is a Greek computer scientist known for his work in image processing. As of 2011, he is Ohio Board of Regents Distinguished Professor of Information Technology and director of both the Information Technology Research Institute and the Assistive Technologies Research Center at Wright State University in Ohio, United States. He is the founder and editor-in-chief (as of 2011) of the International Journal on Artificial Intelligence Tools.Bourbakis studied mathematics at the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens, then electrical engineering at the University of Patras, which awarded him a PhD in computer engineering and informatics in 1983.Bourbakis received the IEEE Computer Society Technical Achievement Award in 1998 "[f]or outstanding and pioneering contributions to space filling curves for image processing and intelligent visual navigation of autonomous robots in unknown space."


== References ==


== External links ==
"Nikolaos G. Bourbakis, Ph. D." College of Engineering and Computer Science, Wright State University.
Nikolaos Bourbakis publications indexed by Microsoft AcademicStephen Richard "Steve" Bourne (born 7 January 1944) is an English computer scientist based in the United States for most of his career. He is well known as the author of the Bourne shell (sh), which is the foundation for the standard command-line interfaces to Unix.


== Biography ==
Bourne has a Bachelor of Science (B.S.) degree in mathematics from King's College London, England. He has a Diploma in Computer Science and a Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) in mathematics from Trinity College, Cambridge. Subsequently, he worked on an ALGOL 68 compiler at the University of Cambridge Computer Laboratory (see ALGOL 68C). He also worked on CAMAL, a system for algebraic manipulation used for lunar theory calculations.After the University of Cambridge, Bourne spent nine years at Bell Labs with the Seventh Edition Unix team. Besides the Bourne shell, he wrote the adb debugger and The Unix System, the second book on the topic, intended for general readers.
After Bell Labs, Bourne worked in senior engineering management positions at Silicon Graphics, Digital Equipment Corporation, Sun Microsystems, and Cisco Systems.
He was involved with developing international standards in programming and informatics, as a member of the International Federation for Information Processing (IFIP) IFIP Working Group 2.1 on Algorithmic Languages and Calculi, which specified, maintains, and supports the programming languages ALGOL 60 and ALGOL 68.From 2000 to 2002 he was president of the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM). For his work on computing, Bourne was awarded the ACM's Presidential Award in 2008 and was made a Fellow of the organization in 2005. He is also a Fellow of the Royal Astronomical Society.
Bourne was chief technology officer at Icon Venture Partners, a venture capital firm based in Menlo Park, California through 2014. He is also chairperson of the editorial advisory board for ACM Queue, a magazine he helped found when he was president of the ACM.


== References ==


== External links ==
Lindsay, Bruce (6 December 2004). "A Conversation with Bruce Lindsay" (Interview). Interviewed by Stephen R. Bourne. ACM Queue.Aisha Bowe is a Bahamian-American aerospace engineer, founder, and CEO of STEMBoard, a technology company.


== Early life and education ==
Bowe grew up in the United States in a working-class family. Her father immigrated from the Bahamas. Her father was a taxi driver in Ann Arbor, Michigan. Although her high school guidance counselor recommended that she become a cosmetologist, Bowe's father urged her to take a mathematics class at her local community college, which she quickly aced. This foundation in mathematics then allowed Bowe to transfer into engineering programs at the University of Michigan from Washtenaw Community College.Bowe completed her undergraduate degree in aerospace engineering in 2008, and master's degree in space systems engineering in 2009, both at the University of Michigan. She has said she chose aerospace engineering because of an interest in science fiction. One of her graduate instructors, Thomas Zurbuchen, was working on the Mercury Messenger. She worked as an intern in the Ames Research Center in 2008, before joining as an Engineer.


== Career ==
Bowe worked in the Ames Research Center, in the Flight Trajectory Dynamics and Controls Branch of the Aviation Systems Division. In 2012 she received the National Society of Black Engineers award for Outstanding Technical Contribution for her paper "Evaluation of a Fuel Efficient Aircraft Maneuver for Conflict Resolution". She joined the AST Flight and Fluid Mechanics group in 2009, assisting in the development and of algorithms in support of Air Traffic Management. As a Bahamian-American, Bowe wants "to see more Bahamians in the science and technology field."Whilst at NASA, she served as liaison to the Mathematics, Engineering, Science Achievement (MESA) Program. In this role, she mentored students, held interview workshops and led NASA site tours.In 2019, Bowe visited Johannesburg, Bloemfontein, and Pretoria in South Africa for a series of invited talks from October 7–18 as part of the U.S. Speaker Program. She has also lectured in many other countries, including  Israel and Kuwait.Bowe is a member of the National Society of Black Engineers and a certified Program Management Professional by PMI. She is also a certified SSI scuba diver who has now completed dives in South Africa, The Bahamas, California, and the Cayman Islands.She is also a mountain climber and ascended Mount Kilimanjaro in 2016.


== STEMBoard ==
Aisha is founder and CEO of STEMBoard, a company that solves technology challenges for government and private-sector clients. STEMBoard is a Certified Economically Disadvantaged Women-Owned Small Business supported by the U.S. Women's Chamber of Commerce. They are working to close the educational achievement gap of minority ethnic groups, through STEM camps, partnerships with historically black colleges and universities and career opportunities for young people.STEMBoard ranked 2,284 on Inc. Magazine's Inc. 5000 list of fastest growing private companies in 2020.


== “LINGO” Coding Kit ==
Aisha Bowe is the creator of the LINGO coding kit. The LINGO coding kit teaches hardware and software design. The lessons are self-paced. The kit has hardware, an instructional guide and instructional videos. The first kit is called "In the Driver’s Seat." In the Driver's Seat instructs how to create and code a back-up sensor for an autonomous car.


== Published works ==
Some of Bowe's selected publications are:
Lauderdale, Todd A; Cone, Andrew C; Bowe, Aisha R (2011). "Relative significance of trajectory prediction errors on an automated separation assurance algorithm" (PDF). 9th USA/Europe ATM R&D Seminar (ATM2011). Archived from the original (PDF) on 2013-02-26.
Cone, Andrew; Bowe, Aisha; Lauderdale, Todd (2012). "Robust conflict detection and resolution around top of descent" (PDF). 12th AIAA Aviation Technology, Integration, and Operations (ATIO) Conference and 14th AIAA/ISSMO Multidisciplinary Analysis and Optimization Conference. Archived from the original (PDF) on 2017-08-08.
Bowe, Aisha; Santiago, Confesor (2012). "An approach for balancing delay and fuel burn in separation assurance automation" (PDF). 12th AIAA Aviation Technology, Integration, and Operations (ATIO) Conference and 14th AIAA/ISSMO Multidisciplinary Analysis and Optimization Conference. Archived from the original (PDF) on 2015-09-15.
Bowe, Aisha; Lauderdale, Todd (2010). "Selecting conflict resolution maneuvers based on minimum fuel burn". 29th Digital Avionics Systems Conference. IEEE. CiteSeerX 10.1.1.719.4632.


== Media ==
ArticlesHow This Former NASA Engineer Wants to Make STEM Youth Education More Accessible
The remote learning coding kit is encouraging black teens to get into STEM
Why a Rocket Scientist Quit NASA to Help Young Coders
Meet the former NASA engineer helping to send careers into orbit
Meet Aisha Bowe, the Rocket Scientist and Entrepreneur Committed to Mentoring Black Tech's Next Generation
STEM at home: University of Michigan alum creates learning kit during pandemic
These Black Founders Succeeded In Spite of Silicon Valley
Introducing Fast Government, an exploration of innovation and talent in public service
Aerospace Engineer Aisha Bowe Introduces At-Home Coding Kit
U-M Aerospace alumnus Aisha Bowe returns to her alma mater Pioneer High School for presentation and Q&A PanelTalksNicole Riche's Pearl xChange (2016)
LCL Season 4 EP10: How To Overcome Self Doubt with Aisha Bowe & Gerard Adams
Aisha Bowe speaking at Platform Summit 2015
Black Women in History -  AMC Network NAACP PSAPodcastsAisha Bowe: Rocket Science and Start-ups
Mentor Memos: Aisha Bowe and Claire Luce
Women in Business, Episode 3: Aisha Bowe, Startups Magazine: The Cereal Entrepreneur
Techstination STEMBoard Lingo CEO Aisha BoweTelevisionNASA Aerospace Engineer Empowers Unrepresented People To Pursue Engineering Careers. Apr 18, 2021. The Kelly Clarkson Show.
This Rocket Scientist Was Once Told She Wouldn’t Be Good At STEM, She Didn’t Let It Stop Her. Apr 12, 2021. Tamron Hall Show.
Mars Rover Landing. Feb 18, 2021. NBCLX.


== Awards ==
Bowe has been recognized for her contributions to engineering, diversity, and equal opportunity by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, National Society of Black Engineers, and US Women's Chamber of Commerce. Some selected awards are as follows.

2020 Entrepreneur of the Year by the Black Data Processing Associates (BDPA) of Washington, D.C.
2020 - Outstanding Alumna Award, Department of Aerospace Engineering, University of Michigan
2020 - INC 5000 2020 List of Fastest Growing Companies
2015 - US Women's Chamber of Commerce “Emerging Star” Award
2014 - Silicon Valley's National Coalition of 100 Black Women's Women in Technology of the Year Award
2012 - NASA’s Engineering Honor Award
2012 - NASA Equal Employment Opportunity Medal


== References ==


== External links ==
Aisha Bowe personal website
STEMboard official website
STEMLingoKenneth L. "Ken" Bowles (c. 1929 – August 15, 2018) was an American computer scientist best known for his work in initiating and directing the UCSD Pascal project, when he was a professor of computer science at the University of California, San Diego (UCSD).


== Education ==
Bowles received his PhD under Henry G. Booker at Cornell University in 1955 for radar studies of the Aurora Borealis.


== Employment ==
Starting in 1960, Bowles worked for the Central Radio Propagation Lab, National Bureau of Standards, where he directed the construction and research use of the Jicamarca Radio Observatory near Lima Peru. That work involved heavy use of computers for signal analysis to study the earth's ionosphere and magnetosphere.In 1965, Bowles was invited by Prof. Henry Booker to help him start the Applied ElectroPhysics Department at UCSD.
They were tasked to start and organize a new department of applied engineering physics (AEP).While starting to establish a new radio astronomy experiment near UCSD for studies of the Sun's ionized atmosphere, the concentration on computer analysis led UCSD to appoint Bowles as computer center director in 1968. He introduced interactive computing to UCSD, but returned to full-time teaching in 1974 when budget pressures made computer centers very controversial.In an effort to increase student use of computers while also reducing costs, Bowles wanted to take advantage of small computer price/benefit.  Urs-Ammann's P-machine allowed Pascal to be implemented on a variety of machines.
With graduate student Mark Overgaard and a supporting team of undergraduates, he then set out to provide low cost instructional computing services to the majority of UCSD students using small computers. Between late 1974 and 1980, that project grew into the UCSD Pascal Project.Computer center directorship: when Bowles' work on the university search committee failed to produce a new director for UCSD's computing center, UCSD's chancellor convinced Bowles to take the job himself in 1968.  Bowles was all but forced out in 1974 when the university relieved him of much of his authority as director of the UCSD computing center while he was away on a lecturing trip to the University of Oxford.  There was a disagreement in priorities.  Bowles wanted numerous machines to give students hands-on experience with interactive computing.  The university instead  committed to the purchase of a large IBM mainframe and set the center's priorities on business process support for the university administration.The UCSD Pascal Project caused some controversy, with Pascal purists unhappy with UCSD Pascal extensions to the language.  Some of these extensions are now present in modern Pascal compilers.
As the UCSD Pascal Project grew, it was necessary for the project to leave UCSD by licensing the software to a commercial vendor. The UCSD concerns about taxes forced the project to be licensed to SofTech Microsystems, taking effect 1 June 1979.Bowles then started a small software development company, soon to be called TeleSoft, which became a principal supplier of compilers for the Ada programming language worldwide. He took early emeritus status in 1984 in order to concentrate his attentions at TeleSoft. After selling his part interest in TeleSoft in 1989, he participated for several years in the ISO committee responsible for the Ada 95 revision of the language.In retirement Bowles enjoyed photography, mostly of the wild-flowers of San Diego County and birds of the south-western USA.


== Students ==
Principal project members and students of Dr Kenneth L Bowles include:

Mark Allen
Richard Kaufmann
Pete Lawrence
Joel McCormack
Mark Overgaard
Keith Shillington
Roger Sumner
John Van Zandt


== See also ==
Notable UCSD People
UCSD Pascal


== References ==


== External links ==
25th Reunion Presentations
UCSD Pascal and the PC Revolution by Christine Foster
Pascal-P2
Pascal-P6 ISO Compliant
Pascal for Small Machines, UCSD Pascal
Java's Forgotten Forebear
Ken Bowles tribute story from University of California San DiegoElette Boyle is an American and Israeli computer scientist and cryptographer, known for her research on secret sharing, digital signatures, and obfuscation. She is a professor of computer science at the Interdisciplinary Center Herzliya, where she directs the Center for Foundations and Applications of Cryptographic Theory.


== Education and career ==
Boyle is originally from Yamhill, Oregon. She studied mathematics at the California Institute of Technology, competed for Caltech in the high jump, and was named Caltech's female scholar-athlete of the year for 2007–2008. After graduating in 2008, she completed her Ph.D. at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, under the joint supervision of Shafi Goldwasser and Yael Tauman Kalai. Before joining the IDC Herzliya faculty, she was a postdoctoral researcher at the Technion – Israel Institute of Technology and at Cornell University.


== Recognition ==
A paper by Boyle on secret sharing using homomorphic encryption was given the best paper award at the 2016 International Cryptology Conference (Crypto). She was an invited plenary speaker at Public Key Cryptography 2018.


== References ==


== External links ==
Elette Boyle publications indexed by Google ScholarRobert Braden (28 January 1934 – 15 April 2018) was an American computer scientist who played a role in the development of the Internet. His research interests included end-to-end network protocols, especially in the transport and internetwork layers.


== Career ==
Braden received a Bachelor of Engineering Physics from Cornell University in 1957, and a Master of Science in physics from Stanford University in 1962. After graduating, he worked at Stanford and Carnegie Mellon University. He taught programming and operating systems courses at Stanford, Carnegie Mellon, and also UCLA, where he moved next.
He remained at UCLA for 18 years, 16 of them at the campus computing center. He spent 1981–1982 at the Computer Science Department of University College London. While there, he wrote the first relay system connecting the Internet with the U.K. academic X.25 network.
He joined the networking research group at the Information Sciences Institute (ISI) in 1986, and was a project leader in the Computer Networks Division. He was named an ISI Fellow in 2001.


== Professional contributions ==
While at UCLA, Braden was responsible for attaching UCLA's IBM 360/91 supercomputer to the ARPAnet, beginning in 1970. He was active in the ARPAnet Network Working Group, contributing to the design of the File Transfer Protocol in particular.
In 1978, he became a member of the Internet Working Group, which developed TCP/IP, and began development of a TCP/IP implementation for UCLA's IBM system. The UCLA IBM software was distributed to other OS/MVS sites, and was later sold commercially.
In 1981, he was invited to join the Internet Configuration Control Board, the organization that later became the Internet Architecture Board (IAB). He later served for 13 years as a member of the IAB.
Braden had been a member of the Internet Engineering Task Force and the Internet Research Task Force since their inception. When IAB task forces were formed in 1986, he created the End-to-End Task Force, later known as the IRTF End-to-End Research Group, which he chaired and later ran as a networking community mailing list for a number of years. Among his many contributions during this period are:

Editing the Host Requirements RFCs
Developing the Resource Reservation Protocol
Developing T/TCP
Serving as co-editor of the Request for Comments (RFC) series.
Serving with the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority
Coordinating the DARPA research network DARTnetBraden was a Fellow of the ACM.


== External links ==
Carl Malamud interviews Bob Braden, Internet Talk Radio, 29 September 1993
Oral history interview with Robert Braden, Charles Babbage Institute, University of Minnesota
Obituary sent to the IETF mailing list


== Sources ==
Gary Malkin, Who's Who in the Internet: Biographies of IAB, IESG and IRSG Members
RFC Editor, et al., 30 Years of RFCs


== References ==Elizabeth Bradley (born April 9, 1961) is an American applied mathematician and computer scientist, and a former Olympic rower. She is a professor of computer science at the University of Colorado Boulder, where she specializes in nonlinear systems and nonlinear time series analysis.


== Rowing ==
Bradley competed in the women's coxed four event at the 1988 Summer Olympics, with rowers Jennifer Corbet, Cynthia Eckert, and Sarah Gengler, and coxswain Kim Santiago. Their boat placed fifth out of the ten boats competing in the event.She also competed in the 1986 World Rowing Championships, placing fourth in women's eights, and in the 1987 World Rowing Championships, placing fourth in women's pairs.


== Education and academic career ==
Bradley was a student at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where she earned a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering in 1983, a master's degree in computer science in 1986, and a Ph.D. in electrical engineering and computer science in 1992. Her dissertation, Taming Chaotic Circuits, was jointly supervised by Hal Abelson and Gerald Jay Sussman.She joined the University of Colorado computer science department as an assistant professor in 1993, chaired the department from 2003 to 2006, and was promoted to full professor in 2004. She has also visited Harvard University, and was a Radcliffe fellow at the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study for 2006–2007.She was named a CRA-W Distinguished Professor by the Committee on Widening Participation in Computing Research in 2008, and was named a President’s Teaching Scholar by the University of Colorado in 2017.


== References ==


== External links ==
Home page
Elizabeth Bradley publications indexed by Google ScholarLawrence Brakmo is a software engineer in the Kernel group at Facebook. Previously Brakmo was a member of technical staff at Google. Before that he was a researcher and project manager at NTT DoCoMo USA Labs. Earlier he was affiliated with the Western Research Lab of Digital Equipment Corporation/Compaq/Hewlett-Packard. Brakmo received his Ph.D. in Computer Science from The University of Arizona, where he worked on computer systems and computer networks research that included x-Sim and TCP Vegas. His adviser was Larry L. Peterson.
He once biked to Alaska from Idaho.


== External links ==
Lawrence Brakmo homepageMichael S. Branicky is a professor of electrical engineering and computer science at the University of Kansas, Lawrence, Kansas. He was named Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) in 2016 for contributions to switched and hybrid control systems.


== Education and career ==
Branicky obtained his B.S. (Magna Cum Laude) in Electrical Engineering from Case Western Reserve University in May 1987. He then remained in his alma mater, where he continued on studying electrical engineering and applied physics under mentorship from Wyatt S. Newman. He graduated from it in 1990, after defending his thesis which was titled Rapid Configuration Space Transforms for Real-Time Robotic Reflexes. Branicky moved to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where, from 1989 to 1990, he was a research fellow at its Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory. He also studied electrical engineering and computer science under mentorship from Sanjoy K. Mitter at the same university. He graduated from it with Sc.D. in June 1995, after defending another thesis titled Studies in Hybrid Systems: Modeling, Analysis, and Control. Two years prior to it, Branicky served as research associate at NASA Ames Research Center for one month. Branicky then returned to CWRU where he served as assistant, associate, professor, and eventually chair of its Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science. While promoting from one position to another, Branicky also held a visiting professor post at the Faculty of Engineering (LTH), Lund University, where he previously served as postdoctoral research scientist.


== References ==


== External links ==
Michael Branicky publications indexed by Google ScholarKhalia Braswell is an American computer scientist, educator, and technologist. She is the founder and executive director of INTech Camp for Girls, to encourage girls of color to pursue learning about technology.


== Biography ==
Khalia Braswell was born in Rocky Mount, North Carolina and moved to Charlotte in childhood. Braswell earned her Bachelor of Science degree in computer science at North Carolina State University and her Master of Science degree in Information Technology at the University of North Carolina at Charlotte.In 2014, Braswell created INTech Camp for Girls, a program that aims to inspired girls of color to pursue careers in technology. Braswell moved to California after graduate school to work as an engineer at Apple. She resigned in 2018 and returned to Charlotte to run INTech full-time.As of 2021, Braswell is pursuing a PhD in computer science education at Temple University in Philadelphia.


== Awards ==
Braswell received the Walker’s Legacy Women of Power award in 2018 and was included in The Root's 2018 list of 100 Most Influential African Americans.


== See also ==
Alicia Nicki Washington
Timnit Gebru
Joy Buolamwini


== References ==Jack Elton Bresenham (born 11 October 1937, Clovis, New Mexico, US) is a former professor of computer science.


== Biography ==
Bresenham retired from 27 years of service at IBM as a Senior Technical Staff Member in 1987. He taught for 16 years at Winthrop University and has nine patents. He has four children: Janet, Craig, Linda, and David.
Bresenham's line algorithm, developed in 1962, is his most well-known innovation. It determines which points on a 2-dimensional raster should be plotted in order to form a straight line between two given points, and is commonly used to draw lines on a computer screen.  It is one of the earliest algorithms discovered in the field of computer graphics.  The midpoint circle algorithm shares some similarities to his line algorithm and is known as Bresenham's circle algorithm.

Ph.D., Stanford University, 1964
MSIE, Stanford University, 1960
BSEE, University of New Mexico, 1959


== See also ==
List of computer scientists
Bresenham's line algorithm


== References ==


== External links ==
DADS entry on Bresenham's algorithmJohanna Brewer is a developer, designer, ethnographer and professor at Smith College. Brewer was a co-founder and CEO of Frestyl. In 2014, they started work on a tracking toolkit for home automation systems with a special focus on user privacy. In 2016, they founded a research and design studio called Neta Snook, focusing on the creation of technology that works towards a diverse society. In spring 2019, they started as a research associate and postdoctoral researcher at MIT. Their research areas include ubiquitous computing and human-computer interaction, social connectivity and how technology functions in society.


== Education ==
Johanna Brewer graduated with a B.A. in Computer Science and Philosophy and a Master's Degree in Computer Science from Boston University. They then acquired a PhD in Informatics and Computer Science at the University of California where they also worked as a staff researcher. One area of their research in this time focused on urban computing and mobility in urban spaces. They did ethnographic studies on inclusivity and diversity in the online gaming scene, as well as on public transportation, and helped create a new interface for a molecular simulator on the Swiss National Supercomputer. They also developed a real-time tracking system for radiation therapy at the Massachusetts General Hospital.


== Publications ==
Brewer,  Johanna,   Dourish,  Paul (2008): Storied spaces: Cultural accounts of mobility, technology, and environmental knowing.  In  International Journal of Human-Computer Studies, 20 (12) pp. 963–976.
Bassoli,  Arianna,   Brewer,  Johanna,   Martin,  Karen,   Dourish,  Paul,   Mainwaring,  Scott D. (2007): Underground Aesthetics: Rethinking Urban Computing.  In  IEEE Pervasive Computing, 6 (3) pp. 39–45.
Dourish,  Paul,   Brewer,  Johanna,   Bell,  Genevieve (2005): Information as a cultural category.  In  Interactions, 12 (4) pp. 31–33.
Brewer,  Johanna,   Williams,  Amanda,   Dourish,  Paul (2007): A handle on what\'s going on: combining tangible interfaces and ambient displays for colla. In: Proceedings of the 1st International Conference on Tangible and Embedded Interaction , 2007, pp. 3–10.
Brewer,  Johanna,   Mainwaring,  Scott,   Dourish,  Paul (2008): Aesthetic journeys. In: Proceedings of DIS08 Designing Interactive Systems , 2008, pp. 333–341.
Brewer,  Johanna,   Williams,  Amanda,   Dourish,  Paul (2007): A handle on what's going on: combining tangible interfaces and ambient displays for collab. In: Ullmer,  Brygg,   Schmidt,  Albrecht  (eds.) Proceedings of the 1st International Conference on Tangible and Embedded Interaction 2007, Baton Rouge, Louisiana, USA, February 15–17, 2007, 2007, pp. 3–10.


== Reference list ==Sergey Mikhailovich Brin (Russian: Сергей Михайлович Брин; born August 21, 1973) is an American business magnate, computer scientist, and Internet entrepreneur. Together with Larry Page, he co-founded Google. Brin was the president of Google's parent company, Alphabet Inc., until stepping down from the role on December 3, 2019. He and Page remain at Alphabet as co-founders, controlling shareholders, board members, and employees. As of February 2022, Brin is the 7th-richest person in the world, with an estimated net worth of $118 billion.Brin immigrated to the United States with his family from the Soviet Union at the age of six. He earned his bachelor's degree at the University of Maryland, College Park, following in his father's and grandfather's footsteps by studying mathematics, as well as computer science. After graduation, he enrolled in Stanford University to acquire a PhD in computer science. There he met Page, with whom he built a web search engine. The program became popular at Stanford, and they suspended their PhD studies to start up Google in Susan Wojcicki's garage in Menlo Park.


== Early life and education ==
Brin was born on August 21, 1973, in Moscow in the Soviet Union, to Russian Jewish parents, Mikhail and Eugenia Brin, both graduates of Moscow State University (MSU). His father is a retired mathematics professor at the University of Maryland, and his mother a researcher at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center.The Brin family lived in a three-room apartment in central Moscow, which they also shared with Sergey's paternal grandmother. In 1977, after his father returned from a mathematics conference in Warsaw, Poland, Mikhail Brin announced that it was time for the family to emigrate. They formally applied for their exit visa in September 1978, and as a result, his father was "promptly fired". For related reasons, his mother had to leave her job. For the next eight months, without any steady income, they were forced to take on temporary jobs as they waited, afraid their request would be denied as it was for many refuseniks. In May 1979, they were granted their official exit visas and were allowed to leave the country.The Brin family lived in Vienna and Paris while Mikhail Brin secured a teaching position at the University of Maryland with help from Anatole Katok. During this time, the Brin family received support and assistance from the Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society. They arrived in the United States on October 25, 1979.Brin attended elementary school at Paint Branch Montessori School in Adelphi, Maryland, but he received further education at home; his father, a professor in the department of mathematics at the University of Maryland, encouraged him to learn mathematics and his family helped him retain his Russian-language skills. He attended Eleanor Roosevelt High School, Maryland. In September 1990, Brin enrolled in the University of Maryland, where he received his Bachelor of Science from the Department of Computer Science in 1993 with honors in computer science and mathematics at the age of 19. In 1993, he interned at Wolfram Research, the developers of Mathematica.Brin began his graduate study in computer science at Stanford University on a graduate fellowship from the National Science Foundation. As of 2008, he was on leave from his PhD studies at Stanford.


== Search engine development ==
During an orientation for new students at Stanford, he met Larry Page. The two men seemed to disagree on most subjects, but after spending time together they "became intellectual soul-mates and close friends." Brin's focus was on developing data mining systems while Page's was in extending "the concept of inferring the importance of a research paper from its citations in other papers". Together, they authored a paper titled "The Anatomy of a Large-Scale Hypertextual Web Search Engine".
To convert the backlink data gathered by BackRub's web crawler into a measure of importance for a given web page, Brin and Page developed the PageRank algorithm, and realized that it could be used to build a search engine far superior to those existing at the time. The new algorithm relied on a new kind of technology that analyzed the relevance of the backlinks that connected one Web page to another, and allowed the number of links and their rank, to determine the rank of the page. Combining their ideas, they began utilizing Page's dormitory room as a machine laboratory, and extracted spare parts from inexpensive computers to create a device that they used to connect the nascent search engine with Stanford's broadband campus network.After filling Page's room with equipment, they then converted Brin's dorm room into an office and programming center, where they tested their new search engine designs on the web. The rapid growth of their project caused Stanford's computing infrastructure to experience problems.Page and Brin used the former's basic HTML programming skills to set up a simple search page for users, as they did not have a web page developer to create anything visually elaborate. They also began using any computer part they could find to assemble the necessary computing power to handle searches by multiple users. As their search engine grew in popularity among Stanford users, it required additional servers to process the queries. In August 1996, the initial version of Google was made available on the Stanford Web site.By early 1997, the BackRub page described the state as follows:

Some Rough Statistics (from August 29, 1996)
Total indexable HTML urls: 75.2306 Million
Total content downloaded: 207.022 gigabytes
...BackRub is written in Java and Python and runs on several Sun Ultras and Intel Pentiums running Linux. The primary database is kept on a Sun Ultra series II with 28GB of disk. Scott Hassan and Alan Steremberg have provided a great deal of very talented implementation help. Sergey Brin has also been very involved and deserves many thanks.
- Larry Page pagecs.stanford.eduBackRub already exhibited the rudimentary functions and characteristics of a search engine: a query input was entered and it provided a list of backlinks ranked by importance. Page recalled: "We realized that we had a querying tool. It gave you a good overall ranking of pages and ordering of follow-up pages." Page said that in mid-1998 they finally realized the further potential of their project: "Pretty soon, we had 10,000 searches a day. And we figured, maybe this is really real."Some compared Page and Brin's vision to the impact of Johannes Gutenberg, the inventor of modern printing:

In 1440, Johannes Gutenberg introduced Europe to the mechanical printing press, printing Bibles for mass consumption. The technology allowed for books and manuscripts‍—‌originally replicated by hand‍—‌to be printed at a much faster rate, thus spreading knowledge and helping to usher in the European Renaissance ... Google has done a similar job.
The comparison was also noted by the authors of The Google Story: "Not since Gutenberg ... has any new invention empowered individuals, and transformed access to information, as profoundly as Google." Also, not long after the two "cooked up their new engine for web searches, they began thinking about information that was at the time beyond the web," such as digitizing books and expanding health information.


== Other interests ==
Brin is working on other, more personal projects that reach beyond Google. For example, he and Page are trying to help solve the world's energy and climate problems at Google's philanthropic arm, Google.org, which invests in sources of renewable energy. The company acknowledges that its founders want "to solve really big problems using technology".In October 2010, for example, they invested in a major offshore wind power development to assist the East coast power grid, which will eventually become one of about a dozen offshore wind farms that are proposed for the region. A week earlier they introduced a car that, with "artificial intelligence", can drive itself using video cameras and radar sensors. In the future, drivers of cars with similar sensors would have fewer accidents. These safer vehicles could, therefore, be built lighter and require less fuel consumption. They are trying to get companies to create innovative solutions to increasing the world's energy supply. Brin was also an early investor in Tesla.In 2004, he and Page were named "Persons of the Week" by ABC World News Tonight. In January 2005, he was nominated to be one of the World Economic Forum's "Young Global Leaders". In June 2008, Brin invested $4.5 million in Space Adventures, the Virginia-based space tourism company. His investment will serve as a deposit for a reservation on one of Space Adventures' proposed flights in 2011. Space Adventures, a company that sends tourists to space, has sent seven of them so far.Brin and Page jointly own a customized Boeing 767-200 and a Dornier Alpha Jet, and pay $1.3 million a year to house them and two Gulfstream V jets owned by Google executives at Moffett Federal Airfield. The aircraft have had scientific equipment installed by NASA to allow experimental data to be collected in flight.In 2012, Brin has been involved with the Project Glass program and has demoed eyeglass prototypes. Project Glass is a research and development program by Google to develop an augmented reality head-mounted display (HMD). The intended purpose of Project Glass products would be the hands-free displaying of information currently available to most smartphone users, and allowing for interaction with the Internet via natural language voice commands.Brin was also involved in the Google driverless car project. In September 2012, at the signing of the California Driverless Vehicle Bill, Brin predicted that within five years, robotic cars will be available to the general public.


== Personal life ==

In May 2007, Brin married biotech analyst and entrepreneur Anne Wojcicki in the Bahamas. They had a son in late 2008 and a daughter in late 2011. Brin is Jewish and not religious. In August 2013, it was announced that Brin and his wife were living separately after Brin had an extramarital affair with Google Glass's marketing director Amanda Rosenberg. In June 2015, Brin and Wojcicki finalized their divorce.In 2018, he married Nicole Shanahan, a legal tech founder. They have a daughter, born in late 2018.Brin's mother, Eugenia, has been diagnosed with Parkinson's disease. In 2008, he decided to make a donation to the University of Maryland School of Medicine, where his mother is being treated.Brin and Wojcicki, although divorced, still jointly run The Brin Wojcicki Foundation. They have donated extensively to The Michael J. Fox Foundation and in 2009 gave $1 million to support the Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society.Sergey Brin is a donor to Democratic Party candidates and organizations, having donated $5,000 to Barack Obama's reelection campaign and $30,800 to the DNC.According to CNBC, Brin became interested in blockchain technology after building a gaming computer with his son to mine Ethereum.


== Awards and accolades ==


=== 2002–2009 ===
In 2002, Brin, along with Larry Page, was named in the MIT Technology Review TR100, as one of the top 100 innovators in the world under the age of 35.
In 2003, both Brin and Page received an honorary MBA from IE Business School "for embodying the entrepreneurial spirit and lending momentum to the creation of new businesses...".
In 2003, Brin and Page were both Award Recipients and National Finalists for the EY Entrepreneur of the Year Award
In 2004, they received the Marconi Foundation Prize, the "Highest Award in Engineering", and were elected Fellows of the Marconi Foundation at Columbia University. "In announcing their selection, John Jay Iselin, the Foundation's president, congratulated the two men for their invention that has fundamentally changed the way information is retrieved today."
In 2004, Brin received the American Academy of Achievement's Golden Plate Award with Larry Page at a ceremony in Chicago, Illinois.


=== 2009–present ===
In November 2009, Forbes named Brin and Page the fifth most powerful people in the world.
Earlier that same year, in February, Brin was inducted into the National Academy of Engineering, which is "among the highest professional distinctions accorded to an engineer ... [and] honors those who have made outstanding contributions to engineering research, practice...". He was selected specifically, "for leadership in development of rapid indexing and retrieval of relevant information from the World Wide Web".
In their "Profiles" of Fellows, the National Science Foundation included a number of earlier awards:he was a featured speaker at the World Economic Forum and the Technology, Entertainment and Design Conference. ... PC Magazine has praised Google in the Top 100 Web Sites and Search Engines (1998) and awarded Google the Technical Excellence Award, for Innovation in Web Application Development in 1999. In 2000, Google earned a Webby Award, a People's Voice Award for technical achievement, and in 2001, was awarded Outstanding Search Service, Best Image Search Engine, Best Design, Most Webmaster Friendly Search Engine, and Best Search Feature at the Search Engine Watch Awards.
As of May 2021, Brin is the 9th-richest person in the world according to Forbes, with an estimated net worth of $95.6 billion.


== Appearances in film ==


== References ==


== External links ==

Sergey Brin on Forbes
Appearances on C-SPAN
Sergey Brin   on Charlie RosePer Brinch Hansen (13 November 1938 – 31 July 2007) was a Danish-American computer scientist known for his work in operating systems, concurrent programming and parallel and distributed computing.


== Biography ==


=== Early life and education ===

Per Brinch Hansen was born in Frederiksberg, an enclave surrounded by Copenhagen, Denmark. His father, Jørgen Brinch Hansen, worked as a civil engineer, becoming a leading expert in soil mechanics, and later accepting a professorship at Technical University of Denmark. His mother, Elsebeth Brinch Hansen (née Ring), was the daughter of Danish composer Oluf Ring and worked as a hairdresser before marrying.Brinch Hansen attended Skt. Jørgens Gymnasium and then studied electrical engineering at Technical University of Denmark where he sought an area to pursue that "was still in its pioneering phase" on the belief that "If a subject was being taught, it was probably already too late to make fundamental contributions." After a seven-week student internship at IBM's Hursley Laboratory in England, he decided to dedicate his career to computers. Initially focused on computer construction, reading a book on the IBM 7030 Stretch project that described computer organization from a programmer's point of view refocused his interest toward becoming a computer architect.


=== Regnecentralen ===

After completing a Master of Science degree in electronic engineering in 1963, Brinch Hansen landed a job at Regnecentralen, then a research institution under The Danish Academy of Technical Sciences (Akademiet for de Tekniske Videnskaber), working in the compiler group, led by Peter Naur and Jørn Jensen. There, his first significant project was writing a parser for a COBOL compiler for the Siemens 3003 computer.
Subsequently, he wrote a file system to be used during execution of the compiled COBOL programs, later observing:
I now understand that it was really a small operating system, I had programmed. However, in the mid 1960s, the dividing line between language implementation and operating systems was still not clearly understood.
In 1966, Brinch Hansen moved to Henning Isaksson's hardware group at Regnecentralen, by then a company with shareholders. Together with Peter Kraft, he defined the computer architecture and instruction set for Regnecentralen's third computer, the RC 4000, using ALGOL 60 as a hardware description language to produce a formal specification.
Inexperienced with multiprogramming, he used a copy of Cooperating Sequential Processes Edsger Dijkstra had sent him to understand process synchronization using semaphores, and then implemented a specialized RC 4000 real-time monitor for use in managing a fertilizer plant. Peter Kraft and Charles Simonyi, who was still a teenager, wrote a p-code interpreter and data logging task programs that were compiled to p-code.In the summer of 1967, Brinch Hansen left Regnecentralen's hardware group to become head of RC 4000 software development, where he led a team including Jørn Jensen, Peter Kraft and Søren Lauesen in defining a general-purpose RC 4000 multiprogramming system, with a goal to avoid developing a custom real-time control operating system for every RC 4000 installation, and to support batch processing and time-sharing as well. The resulting system was not a complete operating system, but a small kernel providing the mechanisms upon which operating systems for different purposes could be built. By the spring of 1969, a well-documented, reliable version of the RC 4000 multiprogramming system was running.


=== Carnegie Mellon University ===
In late 1970, Brinch Hansen moved to Pittsburgh, accepting an invitation from Alan Perlis to visit the department of computer science at Carnegie Mellon University as a research associate, while he wrote the first systematic textbook on operating system principles. During this time, at the 1971 Summer School in Marktoberdorf and a symposium in Belfast, Brinch Hansen, Tony Hoare and Dijkstra began to discuss ideas that evolved into the monitor concept. In the spring of 1972, after reading about the class concept invented by Ole-Johan Dahl and Kristen Nygaard for Simula 67, Brinch Hansen completed his text with a chapter on resource protection that proposed the first monitor notation, using shared classes. In 1973, Operating System Principles was published, becoming the first comprehensive textbook on operating systems.


=== California Institute of Technology ===

In July 1972, Brinch Hansen joined the faculty of the California Institute of Technology (Caltech) as an Associate Professor of computer science, where he began work on defining a programming language with concurrent processes and monitors. In April 1974, he distributed a technical report on Concurrent Pascal. A Concurrent Pascal compiler for the PDP 11/45, written by Brinch Hansen's doctoral student, Al Hartmann, was released in January 1975. Subsequently, Brinch Hansen began writing model operating systems in Concurrent Pascal, to evaluate the language. In May 1975, he completed Solo, a single-user operating system for development of Concurrent Pascal programs. Next, he rewrote the original RC 4000 real-time scheduler in Concurrent Pascal, taking three days to write it, and three hours of machine time to systematically test it.When the Caltech computer science department shifted focus toward computer engineering and away from programming Brinch Hansen decided to leave, rather than to seek tenure there.


=== University of Southern California ===
In 1976, Brinch Hansen chose University of Southern California (USC) for his next post, so that his family could remain in their Altadena home. Joining the faculty as a tenured full professor, and first chair of a newly created computer science department, he led efforts to identify and attract top-notch faculty to build a first rate department. By 1980, USC's computer science department was ranked by the National Research Council as one of the top ten in the US.While at USC, Brinch Hansen wrote his second book, The Architecture of Concurrent Programs, based on his work developing operating systems with Concurrent Pascal. Published in 1977, it was the first book on concurrent programming. In 1978, Brinch Hansen became the first computer scientist awarded the Doctor Technices degree, the highest academic distinction within engineering and technological science in Denmark, for the work documented in The Architecture of Concurrent Programs. Later in 1978, Brinch Hansen published the Distributed Processes language concept, proposing the use of remote procedure calls to synchronize processes running across a microcomputer network.Also in 1978, L. J. Sevins and Steve Goings from Mostek visited Brinch Hansen at USC, where he outlined a low-cost multiprocessor architecture. Mostek began a project to implement such a multiprocessor, with Brinch Hansen working as a consultant. Brinch Hansen developed a new concurrent programming language, Edison, for the project. As with the RC 4000 project, Edison was also used as a formal specification language for the hardware. Mostek got an initial 4-node multiprocessor working and Brinch Hansen wrote a portable Edison compiler on a PDP 11/55, but shortly after, United Technologies acquired Mostek and cancelled the project. In 1982, Brinch Hansen moved the Edison system to an IBM Personal Computer (PC), and then published his third book, Programming a Personal Computer.In 1982, Brinch Hansen was named the first Henry Salvatori Professor of Computer Science at USC.


=== University of Copenhagen ===
In 1984, feeling homesick for Denmark after 14 years abroad, Brinch Hansen left USC and joined the faculty of the University of Copenhagen as a Professor of datalogy. In 1985, he was elected a Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). Later in 1985, his fourth book Brinch Hansen on Pascal Compilers, which he used for his own compiler course, was published.While designing a multicomputer operating system for Danish company GN Elmi, Brinch Hansen concluded he needed a new language, this time leveraging the message passing paradigm of Hoare's CSP. The resulting language, Joyce, removed a major limitation of CSP by introducing parallel recursion. Brinch Hansen developed a portable implementation on an IBM PC.


=== Syracuse University ===

After finding that neither he nor his family felt at home in Denmark, Brinch Hansen decided to return to the US, but discovered that their immigration status required them to do so very quickly. Brinch Hansen contacted John Reynolds at Syracuse University and in 1987 he joined the faculty as a Distinguished Professor.Working with his student Rangachari Anand, Joyce was moved to an Encore Multimax 320 multiprocessor at SU's Northeast Parallel Architectures Center. Recognizing the scaling limitations of multiprocessors, however, Brinch Hansen sought a suitable multicomputer for further work. Acquiring a Meiko Computing Surface in 1989, he began experimenting with scientific applications by developing parallel programs for Householder's method (reduction) and then n-body simulation as learning exercises, and was surprised to find that both programs had nearly identical control structures. Concluding that both fit an "all-pairs paradigm," he then focused on exploring reusable parallel algorithm structures he termed "programming paradigms" or "generic programs" (later, popularly known as "design patterns"). In 1995, Brinch Hansen's fifth book, Studies in Computational Science: Parallel Programming Paradigms was published, with programs rewritten in SuperPascal, a fully implemented publication language he created for parallel algorithms.


=== Last years ===
In his later years, Brinch Hansen published a retrospective of his most important papers, The Search for Simplicity (1996), a text for a course in programming for non-majors, Programming for Everyone in Java (1999), a retrospective on the evolution of operating systems, Classic Operating Systems: From Batch Processing to Distributed Systems (2001), and a retrospective on the evolution of concurrent programming, The Origin of Concurrent Programming: From Semaphores to Remote Procedure Calls (2002). He self-published a 2004 memoir, A Programmer's Story: The Life of a Computer Pioneer, on his website.In 2002, Brinch Hansen was awarded the IEEE Computer Pioneer Award "For pioneering development in operating systems and concurrent programming exemplified by work on the RC 4000 multiprogramming system, monitors, and Concurrent Pascal."On July 31, 2007, Brinch Hansen died, shortly after being diagnosed with terminal cancer.


== Personal life ==
Brinch Hansen met his wife Milena (née Hrastar) on a class trip to Yugoslavia in 1962. They married in 1965 and had two children, daughter Mette and son Thomas.


== Scientific contributions and influence ==
In a career spanning five decades, Brinch Hansen made seminal contributions in the areas of operating systems, concurrent computing and parallel and distributed computing that were influential in shaping the development of those fields and advancing them from ad hoc techniques to systematic engineering disciplines. The influence of his work was amplified by his "relentless search for simplicity," his insistence on clarity, writing and rewriting his papers many times before publishing them, becoming "one of the best explainers in the business," and his commitment to testing concepts in working systems – Brinch Hansen implemented and distributed working systems for new concepts he developed, noting:

It is not uncommon for a computer scientist to make a proposal without testing whether it is any good in practice. After spending 3 days writing up the monitor proposal and 3 years implementing it, I can very well understand this temptation. It is perhaps also sometimes a human response to the tremendous pressure on university professors to get funding and recognition fast.
Nevertheless, we must remember that only one thing counts in engineering: Does it work (not "might it work" or "wouldn't it be nice if it did")?


=== Operating systems ===
The RC 4000 multiprogramming system introduced the now-standard concept of an operating system kernel and the separation of mechanism and policy in operating system design. Modern microkernel architectures trace their roots to the extensible nucleus architecture of the RC 4000. Improving microkernel performance was a major theme in operating system research for three decades after the RC 4000.
Brinch Hansen's text, Operating System Principles, was the first comprehensive textbook on operating systems. Eventually published in six languages (English, Japanese, German, Czech, Polish and Serbo-Croatian), it remained in print for decades, and years after the RC 4000 system it described had become outdated. In 1990, nearly two decades after its initial publication, P. J. Plauger reviewed it, saying:

This book is terribly dated. It describes many of the RC4000's operating-system algorithms. The RC4000 is slow, small, and starved for peripherals by today's standards. The algorithms are presented in a subset of Pascal. Why bother?
The answer is that Brinch Hansen is one of the best explainers in the business. He explains things clearly and to the point. He has an eye for the general principle behind the example, but manages to avoid unnecessary abstraction. After all these years, he is still a pleasure to read.
In 2005, Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) members voted Operating System Principles a top 25 classic book, in a survey to choose out-of-print classic books to add to the ACM Digital Library. Operating System Principles ranked 15th in the survey, appearing on 8.8% of ballots. It is now available from the ACM Digital Library.
Using Concurrent Pascal, Brinch Hansen demonstrated that it was feasible to fully implement operating systems in high level languages, and that doing so reduced the development effort by one to two orders of magnitude. Furthermore, entire operating systems could be published, and understood in their entirety. Brinch Hansen did precisely that in The Architecture of Concurrent Programs, leading Roy Maddux and Harlan Mills to declare:

Part two of the book is indeed remarkable. Here, an entire operating system is visible, with every line of program open to scrutiny. There is no hidden mystery, and after studying such extensive examples, the reader feels that he could tackle similar jobs and that he could change the system at will. Never before have we seen an operating system shown in such detail and in a manner so amenable to modification.


=== Concurrent programming ===
Brinch Hansen and Hoare developed the monitor concept. Brinch Hansen published the first monitor notation, adopting the class concept of Simula 67, and invented a queueing mechanism. Hoare refined the rules of process resumption. Brinch Hansen created the first implementation of monitors, in Concurrent Pascal. More than a dozen additional monitor-based languages had been created by 1990: Simone, Modula, CSP/k, CCNPascal, PLY, Pascal Plus, Mesa, SB-Mod, Concurrent Euclid, Pascalc, Concurrent C, Emerald, Real-time Euclid, Pascal-FC, Turing Plus, Predula.Concurrent Pascal was the first concurrent programming language: the first language developed specifically for concurrent programming, and more importantly, the first language to demonstrate that it was possible to incorporate secure, high-level facilities for concurrency, where the system could guarantee that processes access disjoint sets of variables only and do not interfere with each other in time dependent ways. Hoare described it as "an outstanding example of the best of academic research in this area."Source and portable code for Concurrent Pascal and the Solo operating system were distributed to at least 75 companies and 100 universities in 21 countries, resulting in its widespread adoption, porting and adaptation in both industry and academia. Greg Andrews observed that Concurrent Pascal and monitors "greatly influenced most subsequent concurrent language proposals."Brinch Hansen's The Architecture of Concurrent Programs was the first book on concurrent programming, and was eventually published in three languages (English, Japanese, and German). More than a dozen years after its publication, P. J. Plauger observed:

Sure, improvements have been made in the past dozen years. We have better synchronization algorithms and fancier (if not necessarily better) languages with concurrency control. But you won't find a better overview of concurrent programming than this book. At least I haven't found one.
In 2005, ACM members voted The Architecture of Concurrent Programs a top 25 classic book, ranking it 18th in the survey, and appearing on 8% of ballots. It is now available from the ACM Digital Library.


=== Distributed computing and remote procedure call ===
Remote procedure calls used in modern operating systems trace their roots back to the RC 4000 multiprogramming system, which used a request-response communication protocol for process synchronization.In his 1978 paper on distributed processes, Brinch Hansen proposed a language for distributed computing based on external requests consisting of procedure calls between processes. This later became known in an operating system context as the remote procedure call.Later, Brinch Hansen developed two languages extending Hoare's CSP message-passing paradigm with parallel recursion, and showed how to efficiently implement such.


== Honors and awards ==
Doctor Technices, Technical University of Denmark, for The Architecture of Concurrent Programs, 1978
First Henry Salvatori Professor of Computer Science, University of Southern California, 1982
IEEE Fellow, 1985
Distinguished Professor, Syracuse University, 1987
Chancellor's Medal, Syracuse University, 1989
IEEE Computer Pioneer Award, for pioneering development in operating systems and concurrent programming exemplified by work on the RC 4000 multiprogramming system, monitors, and Concurrent Pascal, 2002


== Programming languages ==
Concurrent Pascal (1975)
Distributed Processes (1978)
Edison (1981)
Joyce (1987)
SuperPascal (1993)


== Quotations ==
Writing is a rigorous test of simplicity: It is just not possible to write convincingly about ideas that cannot be understood
Programming is the art of writing essays in crystal clear prose and making them executable


== Publications ==
BooksOperating System Principles (1973, ISBN 0-13-637843-9)
The Architecture of Concurrent Programs (1977, ISBN 0-13-044628-9)
Programming a Personal Computer (1983, ISBN 0-13-730267-3)
Brinch Hansen on Pascal Compilers (1985, ISBN 0-13-083098-4)
Studies in Computational Science: Parallel Programming Paradigms (1995, ISBN 0-13-439324-4)
The Search for Simplicity: Essays in Parallel Programming (1996, ISBN 0-81-867566-7)
Programming for Everyone in Java (1999, ISBN 0-387-98683-9)
Classic Operating Systems: From Batch Processing to Distributed Systems (editor, 2001, ISBN 0-387-95113-X)
The Origin of Concurrent Programming: From Semaphores to Remote Procedure Calls (editor, 2002, ISBN 0-387-95401-5)
A Programmer's Story: The Life of a Computer Pioneer (2004, available at http://brinch-hansen.net/)Selected papersThe Cobol compiler for the Siemens 3003, BIT 6, 1 (1966), 1–23 (with Roger House)
Design Considerations for the RC 4000 Computer, Regnecentralen, Copenhagen, Denmark (1966) (with Peter Kraft)
The logical structure of the RC 4000 computer, BIT 7, 3 (1967), 191– 199
The RC 4000 real-time control system at Pulawy, BIT 7, 4 (1967), 279–288
RC 4000 Software: Multiprogramming System, Part I General Description, Regnecentralen, Copenhagen, Denmark (1969) 13–52
RC 4000 Software: Multiprogramming System (Complete), Regnecentralen, Copenhagen, Denmark (1969)
RC 4000 Computer: Reference Manual, Regnecentralen, Copenhagen, Denmark (1969)
The nucleus of a multiprogramming system, Communications of the ACM 13, 4 (April 1970), 238–242
An outline of a course on operating system principles, in Operating Systems Techniques, Proceedings of a Seminar at Queen's University, Belfast, Northern Ireland, August–September 1971. C. A. R. Hoare and R. H. Perrott, Eds. Academic Press, New York (1972), 29–36
Structured multiprogramming, Communications of the ACM 15, 7 (July 1972), 574–578
Shared Classes, in Operating System Principles, Section 7.2 Class Concept, Prentice Hall, Englewood Cliffs, NJ, (July 1973), 226–232
Testing a multiprogramming system, Software: Practice and Experience 3, 2 (April–June), 145–150
The programming language Concurrent Pascal, IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering 1, 2 (June 1975), 199–207
The Solo operating system: a Concurrent Pascal program, Software— Practice and Experience 6, 2 (April–June 1976), 141–149
The Solo operating system: processes, monitors and classes, Software— Practice and Experience 6, 2 (April–June 1976), 165–200
The Programmer as a Young Dog, English translation by the author of Programmøren som hvalp, In Niels Ivar Bech—en epoke i edbudviklingen i Danmark, P. Sveistrup, P. Naur, H.B. Hansen, and C. Gram, Eds., (in Danish), Data, Copenhagen, Denmark, (1976), 65–68
Experience with modular concurrent programming, IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering 3, 2 (March 1977), 156–159
Design Principles, in The Architecture of Concurrent Programs, Chapter 1 Design Principles, Prentice Hall, Englewood Cliffs, NJ, (July 1977), 3–14
Network: A multiprocessor program, IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering 4, 3 (May 1978), 194–199
Distributed processes: A concurrent programming concept, Communications of the ACM 21, 11 (November 1978), 934–941
Reproducible testing of monitors, Software: Practice and Experience 8, 6 (November–December), 721–729
A keynote address on concurrent programming, Keynote address for the IEEE Computer Software & Applications Conference, Chicago, IL, November 1978, Computer 12, 5 (May 1979), 50–56
The Design of Edison, Software: Practice and Experience 11, 4 (April 1981), 363–396
Joyce—A programming language for distributed systems, Software— Practice and Experience 17, 1 (January 1987), 29–50
The Joyce Language Report, Software: Practice and Experience 19, 6 (June 1989), 553–578
A multiprocessor implementation of Joyce, Software: Practice and Experience 19, 6 (June 1989), 579–592
The nature of parallel programming, Inaugural Symposium at Syracuse University, Syracuse, NY, March 1989, In Natural and Artificial Parallel Computation, M.A. Arbib and J.A. Robinson, Eds. The MIT Press, Cambridge, MA, (1990), 31–46
The linear search rediscovered, Structured Programming 11, (1990), 53–55
Householder reduction of linear equations, ACM Computing Surveys 24, 2 (June 1992), 185–194
Monitors and Concurrent Pascal: A personal history, 2nd ACM Conference on the History of Programming Languages, Cambridge, MA, April 1993, In SIGPLAN Notices 28, 3 (March 1993), 1–35
Model programs for computational science: A programming methodology for multicomputers, Concurrency—Practice and Experience 5, 5 (August 1993), 407–423
Parallel Cellular Automata: A model program for computational science, Concurrency—Practice and Experience 5, 5 (August 1993), 425–448
Multiple-length division revisited: A tour of the minefield, Software: Practice and Experience 24, (June 1994), 579–601
SuperPascal—A publication language for parallel scientific computing, Concurrency—Practice and Experience 6, 5 (August 1994), 461–483
Interference control in SuperPascal—A block-structured language parallel language, The Computer Journal 37, 5 (1994), 399–406
Efficient parallel recursion, SIGPLAN Notices 30, 12 (December 1995), 9–16
The All-Pairs Pipeline, in Studies in Computational Science, Chapter 4: The all-pairs pipeline. Prentice Hall, Englewood Cliffs, NJ, (March 1995), 73–89
Balancing a Pipeline, in Studies in Computational Science, Chapter 5: Balancing a pipeline. Prentice Hall, Englewood Cliffs, NJ, (March 1995), 90–100
Java's insecure parallelism, SIGPLAN Notices 34, 4 (April 1999), 38–45
The evolution of operating systems, In Classic Operating Systems: From Batch Processing to Distributed Systems, P. Brinch Hansen, Ed., Springer-Verlag, New York (2001)
The invention of concurrent programming, In The Origin of Concurrent Programming: From Semaphores to Remote Procedure Calls, P. Brinch Hansen, Ed., Springer-Verlag, New York (2002)


== See also ==
List of pioneers in computer science


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website – memoirs, selected papers, detailed bibliography
Early papers by Per Brinch Hansen (1966–1970) at Danish DatamuseumSelmer Bringsjord (born November 24, 1958) is the chair of the Department of Cognitive Science at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and a professor of Computer Science and Cognitive Science. He also holds an appointment in the Lally School of Management & Technology and teaches artificial Intelligence (AI), formal logic, human and machine reasoning, and philosophy of AI.
Bringsjord's education includes a B.A. in Philosophy from the University of Pennsylvania and a Ph.D. in Philosophy from Brown University. He conducts research in AI as the director of the Rensselaer AI & Reasoning Laboratory (RAIR). He specializes in the logico-mathematical and philosophical foundations of AI and cognitive science, and in collaboratively building AI systems on the basis of computational logic.Bringsjord believes that "the human mind will forever be superior to AI", and that "much of what many humans do for a living will be better done by indefatigable machines who require not a cent in pay". Bringsjord has stated that the "ultimate growth industry will be building smarter and smarter such machines on the one hand, and philosophizing about whether they are truly conscious and free on the other".Bringsjord has an argument for P = NP using digital physics. Other research includes developing a new computational-logic framework allowing the formalization of deliberative multi-agent "mindreading" as applied to the realm of nuclear strategy, with the goal of creating a model and simulation to enable reliable prediction. He has published an opinion piece advocating for counter-terrorism security ensured by pervasive, all-seeing sensors; automated reasoners; and autonomous, lethal robots.Prof. Selmer Bringsjord received a National Science Foundation award to research Social Robotics and the Covey Award for the advancement of philosophy of computing awarded by the International Association for Computing And Philosophy, among several others prizes.


== Books authored ==
with Yang, Y. Mental Metalogic: A New, Unifying Theory of Human and Machine Reasoning (Mahwah, NJ: Lawrence Erlbaum).(2007)
with Zenzen, M.  Superminds: People Harness Hypercomputation, and More (Dordrecht, The Netherlands: Kluwer). (2003)
with Ferrucci, D. Artificial Intelligence and Literary Creativity: Inside the Mind of Brutus, A Storytelling Machine (Mahwah, NJ: Lawrence Erlbaum).(2000)
Abortion: A Dialogue (Indianapolis, IN: Hackett).(1997)
What Robots Can and Can’t Be (Dordrecht, The Netherlands: Kluwer).(1992)
Soft Wars (New York, NY: Penguin USA). A novel.(1991)


== Footnotes ==


== External links ==
Department of Cognitive Science at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
Rensselaer AI & Reasoning Lab
Selmer Bringsjord Personal web site at Rensselaer Polytechnic InstituteRoger Ware Brockett (born October 22, 1938 in Seville, Ohio) is an American control theorist and the An Wang Professor of Computer Science and Electrical Engineering at Harvard University, who founded the Harvard Robotics Laboratory in 1983.Brockett became a member of the National Academy of Engineering in 1991 for outstanding contributions to the theory and practice of linear and nonlinear control systems.


== Biography ==
Brockett was born on October 22, 1938 in Seville, Ohio to Roger Lawrence and Grace Ester (Patch) Brockett.
Brockett received his B.S. from Case Western Reserve University in 1960, and continued on to receive his M.S. in 1962 and his Ph.D. in 1964 from Case Western Reserve University as well. His Ph.D. dissertation was The Invertibility of Dynamic Systems with Application to Control under the supervision of Mihajlo D. Mesarovic.
After teaching at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology from 1963 to 1969, he joined the faculty at Harvard University.  At Harvard, Brockett became the Gordon McKay Professor of Applied Mathematics and in 1989 the An Wang Professor of Computer Science and Electrical Engineering.
Brockett is known for his work on control theory and linear differential systems; in 1970 he published the textbook Finite Dimensional Linear Systems.  Brockett has advised over 50 students, including Jan Willems, David Dobkin, P. S. Krishnaprasad, and John Baras.


== Awards and honors ==
Brockett received several awards and honors, including:

Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) since 1974
Member of the National Academy of Engineering in 1991
In 1989 the Richard E. Bellman Control Heritage Award from the American Automatic Control Council
In 1991 the IEEE Control Systems Science and Engineering Award
In 1996 the "W.T. and Idalia Reid Prize in Mathematics" from the Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics
In 2005 the Rufus Oldenburger Medal from the American Society of Mechanical Engineers
In 2009 the IEEE Leon K. Kirchmayer Graduate Teaching Award
In 2012 he became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.


== Trivia ==
Roger Brockett and Donald Knuth were classmates at Case Western


== References ==


== External links ==
Brockett's web page at Harvard
Biography at the University of Maryland.Andrei Zary Broder (born April 12, 1953 in Bucharest) is a distinguished scientist at Google. Previously, he was a research fellow and vice president of computational advertising for Yahoo!, and before that, the vice president of research for AltaVista. He has also worked for IBM Research as a distinguished engineer and was CTO of IBM's Institute for Search and Text Analysis.


== Education and career ==
Broder was born in Bucharest, Romania, in 1953. His parents were medical doctors, his father a noted oncological surgeon. They emigrated to Israel in 1973, when Broder was in the second year of college in Romania, in the Electronics department at the Bucharest Polytechnic.
He was accepted at Technion – Israel Institute of Technology, in the EE Department. Broder graduated from Technion in 1977, with a B.Sc. summa cum laude. He was then admitted to the PhD program at Stanford, where he initially planned to work in the systems area. His first adviser was Prof. John L. Hennessy. After receiving a "high pass" at the reputedly hard algorithms qual, Prof. Donald Knuth, already a Turing Award and National Medal winner, offered him the opportunity to become his advisee. Broder finished his PhD under Don Knuth in 1985. He then joined the newly founded DEC Systems Research Center in Palo Alto. At DEC SRC, Andrei was involved with AltaVista from the very beginning, helping it deal with duplicate documents and spam. When AltaVista split from Compaq that bought DEC, Andrei became its CTO and then chief scientist and VP of research.
In 2002, he joined IBM Research in New York to build its enterprise search product. In 2005, he returned to Silicon Valley and the Web Industry, as a Yahoo Fellow and vice president. There, he put the bases of a new discipline, Computational advertising, the science of matching ads to users and contexts. At Yahoo, Broder also helped build Yahoo! Research into one of the leading Web research organizations. 
Broder was elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering in 2010 for his contributions to the science and engineering of the World Wide Web.
In 2012, Broder joined Google as a distinguished scientist, where he switched focus to another aspect of the WWW experience, large-scale personalization.


== Contributions ==
In 1989, he discovered (independently from David Aldous) an algorithm for generating a uniform spanning tree of a given graph.Over the last fifteen years, Broder pioneered several algorithms systems and concepts fundamental to the science and technology of the WWW. Some of the highlights include: In 1997, Broder led the development of the first practical solution for finding near-duplicate documents on web-scale using "shingling" to reduce the problem to a set-intersection problem and "min-hashing" or to construct "sketches" of sets. This was a pioneering effort in the area of locality-sensitive hashing. In 1998, he co-invented the first practical test to prevent robots from masquerading as human and access web sites, often referred to as CAPTCHA. In 2000, Broder, then at AltaVista, together with colleagues from IBM and DEC SRC, conducted the first large-scale analysis of the Web graph, and identified the bow-tie model of the web graph. Around 2001–2002, Broder published an opinion piece where he qualified the differences between classical information retrieval and Web search and introduced a now widely accepted classification of web queries into navigational, information, and transactional.


== Awards and honors ==
He is a fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery, National Academy of Engineering and the IEEE. He was one of the recipients of the 2012 ACM Paris Kanellakis Award for his work on w-shingling and min-hashing, and he won this award again in 2020, together with Yossi Azar, Anna Karlin, Michael Mitzenmacher, and Eli Upfal for their work on the power of two choices.


== References ==


== External links ==
Broder, Andrei (2006). "Interview: "Search without a Box"". Yahoo! Search Blog. Archived from the original on 2009-01-01. Retrieved 2006-03-04.
"Yahoo! Appoints Dr. Andrei Broder as Research Fellow". Yahoo! Press Release. 2005. Archived from the original on 2006-02-16. Retrieved 2006-03-04.Tamara Ann Broderick is an American computer scientist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. She works on machine learning and Bayesian inference.


== Education and early career ==
Broderick is from Parma Heights, Ohio. She attended Laurel School and graduated in 2003. Whilst at high school she took part in the inaugural Massachusetts Institute of Technology Women's Technology Program. She studied mathematics at Princeton University, earning a bachelor's degree in 2007. She was a Marshall scholar, allowing her to pursue graduate research at the University of Cambridge. She was a runner-up in the Association for Women in Mathematics Alice T. Shafer Prize for Excellence in Mathematics. She was co-president of the Princeton Math Club and organised a competition for high school maths teams. She won the Phi Beta Kappa Prize for the highest academic average at Princeton University. During her undergraduate degree, Broderick working on dark matter haloes with Rachel Mandelbaum. Broderick moved to the United Kingdom for her graduate studies, earning a Master of Advanced Studies for completing Part III of the Mathematical Tripos at the University of Cambridge in 2009. Her Master's thesis looked at the Nomon selection method, improving the efficiency of communications. She returned to America in 2009, joining University of California, Berkeley for her Master's and PhD. Her graduate research was supported by the Berkeley Fellowship and a National Science Foundation Fellowship. Her PhD thesis Clusters and features from combinatorial stochastic processes looked at clustering and speeding up the analysis of large, streaming data sets.  In 2013 she was selected for the Berkeley EECS Rising Stars conference.


== Research and career ==
Broderick joined Massachusetts Institute of Technology as an Assistant Professor in 2015. She is interested in Bayesian statistics and Graphical models. She was the recipient of a Google Faculty Research Grant and International Society for Bayesian Analysis Lifetime Members Junior Researcher Award. She was awarded an Army Research Office young investigator program award to investigate machine-learning to quantify uncertainty in data analysis.  Broderick is also Alfred P. Sloan Foundation scholar.


=== Academic service ===
In 2018, Broderick spoke at the Harvard University Institute for Applied Computational Science Women in Data Science conference. She spoke about Bayesian inference at the 2018 International Conference on Machine Learning. She led a three-day Masterclass on machine learning at University College London in June 2018. Broderick is a scientific advisor for AI.Reverie and WiML (Women in Machine Learning). She has developed a high-school level introduction to machine learning with the Women's Technology Program (WTP). Software she has developed is available on her website.


=== Awards and honors ===
Broderick was awarded the Evelyn Fix Memorial Medal and Citation and the International Society for Bayesian Analysis Savage Award for her doctoral thesis. She was awarded a National Science Foundation CAREER Award to scale her machine learning techniques. She was a 2021 Leadership Academy winner of the Committee of Presidents of Statistical Societies.


== References ==Carla E. Brodley is a computer scientist specializing in machine learning. Brodley is a Fellow of the ACM, the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence (AAAI), and the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS). She is the Dean of Inclusive Computing at Northeastern University, where she serves as the Executive Director for the Center for Inclusive Computing and holds a tenured appointment in Khoury College of Computer Sciences. Brodley served as dean of Khoury College from 2014-2021. She is a proponent for greater enrollment of women and under-represented minorities in computer science.


== Education and career ==
Brodley is a 1985 graduate of McGill University. At McGill, she initially chose to major in English, quickly switching to economics, but switched again to a double major in mathematics and computer science after taking and enjoying a computer programming course as a sophomore.
After working as a consultant and computer programmer in Boston, she returned to graduate school, initially planning only to work for a master's degree in artificial intelligence, but continuing there for a Ph.D. under the supervision of Paul Utgoff.After finishing her doctorate in 1994, she joined the electrical engineering faculty of Purdue University School of Electrical and Computer Engineering. She moved from Purdue to Tufts University in 2004, and became chair of the department of computer science at Tufts from 2010 to 2013, also holding an affiliation with the Clinical and Translational Science Institute at Tufts Medical Center. She moved again from Tufts to Northeastern in 2014.


== Recognition ==
Brodley was named a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery in 2016 "for applications of machine learning and for increasing participation of women in computer science". Brodley is also a fellow of the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence (AAAI), and the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS).


== References ==


== External links ==
Carla Brodley publications indexed by Google Scholar
Home pageHans Peter Brøndmo (born 22 June 1962) is an American-Norwegian computer scientist and technology entrepreneur.  In 2016 he became vice president at X (formerly Google[x]) and general manager of the Everyday Robots project. He previously worked at Apple Computer on Hypercard development, founded startups in online marketing and social media and held executive positions at Nokia Corporation and Google.


== Early life and education ==
Brøndmo was born in Waterville, Maine, but moved before the age of one to Norway where he grew up outside of the town of Hønefoss, northwest of Oslo. He was educated in public schools and served a year in the Norwegian military before returning to the United States to study computer science at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. While at MIT he interned as a research associate at CERN and enrolled in the Masters program in the MIT Media Lab and the MIT Technology and Policy Program. Brøndmo was part of MIT's Interactive Cinema research group, an early effort in interactive video story telling led by Glorianna Davenport. He is credited with inventing a type of animated computer graphics icon known as a Micon, or “motion icon” described in the 1990 BBC documentary “Hyperland” written by Douglas Adams.


== Career ==
After completing his undergraduate degree, in 1987 Brondmo co-founded Snappy Software, an expert systems software company with seed funding from Apple Computer. The following year he joined Apple Computer and worked on the company’s Hypercard program from Japan. In 1990 he co-founded DIVA, or Digital Video Applications Corp., based in Cambridge, MA, where he served as the company’s engineering director. Diva, which was the first commercial spin-off from Media Lab, developed a Macintosh-based video editing program known as VideoShop and was acquired by Avid Technology in 1993. Brondmo became an entrepreur-in-residence at Mohr Davidow Ventures. In 1997 he founded Post Communications which offered customized email marketing services, distinguished by giving the recipient control over the flow of marketing information. Post Communications was later sold to online marketing company, Netcentives. In 2002, he published "The Engaged Customer: The New Rules of Internet Direct Marketing". Brondmo went on to start Plum Ventures in 2005, a social networking service intended for small groups of friends and family. In the fall of 2009 Plum was acquired by the mapping division of Nokia. At Nokia he led a project team to reinvent the camera in the age of smartphones.   The product was not commercialized after Nokia sold its mobile phone business to Microsoft. In 2013, he co-taught a class on computational photography at the MIT Media Lab. In 2016 Brondmo was hired by Google X to help the company reorganize its efforts in robotics. He now leads the Everyday Robot project at X.


== Books and articles ==
Brondmo, Hans Peter. The Engaged Customer: The New Rules of Internet Direct Marketing. United Kingdom: Piatkus, 2002.
https://www.wired.com/2017/03/how-i-stopped-trying-to-upgrade-my-life/
https://www.wired.com/2015/12/how-do-you-beat-iphone/


== Congressional testimony ==
Congressional testimony on internet privacy
Congressional testimony on email spam


== Patents ==
US 5101364, Davenport, Glorianna, "Method and facility for dynamic video composition and viewing", published 1992-03-32 
US 2013066840, Silva, Eric A. & Barss-Bailey, J., "Method and apparatus for resolving incoherent data items", published 2013-03-14 
US 20120094721, Brondmo, Hans Peter; Wang, M. & Lapierre, J., "Method and apparatus for sharing of data by dynamic groups", published 2012-04-19 
US 8868105, Kalofonos, Dimitris; Antoniou, Zoe & Peterson, Mark et al., "Method and apparatus for generating location stamps", published 2012-10-21 


== References ==


== External links ==
Official websiteFrederick Phillips "Fred" Brooks Jr. (born April 19, 1931) is an American computer architect, software engineer, and computer scientist, best known for managing the development of IBM's System/360 family of computers and the OS/360 software support package, then later writing candidly about the process in his seminal book The Mythical Man-Month.In 1976, Brooks was elected as a member into the National Academy of Engineering for "contributions to computer system design and the development of academic programs in computer sciences".Brooks has received many awards, including the National Medal of Technology in 1985 and the Turing Award in 1999.


== Education ==
Born in Durham, North Carolina, he attended Duke University, graduating in 1953 with a Bachelor of Science degree in physics, and he received a Ph.D. in applied mathematics (computer science) from Harvard University in 1956, supervised by Howard Aiken.Brooks served as the graduate teaching assistant for Ken Iverson at Harvard's graduate program in "automatic data processing", the first such program in the world.


== Career and research ==
Brooks joined IBM in 1956, working in Poughkeepsie, New York, and Yorktown, New York. He worked on the architecture of the IBM 7030 Stretch, a $10 million scientific supercomputer of which nine were sold, and the IBM 7950 Harvest computer for the National Security Agency.  Subsequently, he became manager for the development of the IBM System/360 family of computers and the OS/360 software package. During this time he coined the term "computer architecture".
In 1964, Brooks accepted an invitation to come to the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and founded the University's computer science department. He chaired it for 20 years. As of 2013 he was still engaged in active research there, primarily in virtual environments and scientific visualization.A few years after leaving IBM he wrote The Mythical Man-Month. The seed for the book was planted by IBM's then-CEO Thomas Watson Jr., who asked in Brooks's exit interview why it was so much harder to manage software projects than hardware projects. In this book, Brooks made the now-famous statement: "Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later." This has since come to be known as Brooks's law. In addition to The Mythical Man-Month, Brooks is also known for the paper No Silver Bullet – Essence and Accident in Software Engineering.
In 2004 in a talk at the Computer History Museum and also in a 2010 interview in Wired magazine, Brooks was asked "What do you consider your greatest technological achievement?" Brooks responded, "The most important single decision I ever made was to change the IBM 360 series from a 6-bit byte to an 8-bit byte, thereby enabling the use of lowercase letters. That change propagated everywhere."A "20th anniversary" edition of The Mythical Man-Month with four additional chapters was published in 1995.As well as The Mythical Man-Month, Brooks has authored or co-authored many books and peer reviewed papers including Automatic Data Processing, No Silver Bullet, Computer Architecture, and The Design of Design.His contributions to human–computer interaction are described in Ben Shneiderman's HCI pioneers website.


=== Service and memberships ===
Brooks has served on a number of US national boards and committees.
Defense Science Board (1983–86)
Member, Artificial Intelligence Task Force (1983–84)
Chairman, Military Software Task Force (1985–87)
Member, Computers in Simulation and Training Task Force (1986–87)
National Science Board (1987–92)


=== Awards and honors ===
In chronological order:

In January 2005 he gave the Turing Lecture on the subject of "Collaboration and Telecollaboration in Design". In 1994 he was inducted as a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery.


== Personal life ==
Brooks is an evangelical Christian who is active with InterVarsity Christian Fellowship.Brooks named his eldest son after Kenneth E. Iverson.


== References ==


== External links ==
 Media related to Fred Brooks at Wikimedia Commons
 Quotations related to Fred Brooks at WikiquoteRodney Allen Brooks (born 30 December 1954) is an Australian roboticist, Fellow of the Australian Academy of Science, author, and robotics entrepreneur, most known for popularizing the actionist approach to robotics. He was a Panasonic Professor of Robotics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and former director of the MIT Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory. He is a founder and former Chief Technical Officer of iRobot and co-Founder, Chairman and Chief Technical Officer of Rethink Robotics (formerly Heartland Robotics) and currently is the co-founder and Chief Technical Officer of Robust.AI (founded in 2019).


== Life ==
Brooks received a M.A. in pure mathematics from Flinders University of South Australia.In 1981, he received a PhD in Computer Science from Stanford University under the supervision of Thomas Binford. He has held research positions at Carnegie Mellon University and MIT and a faculty position at Stanford University. He joined the faculty of MIT in 1984. He was Panasonic Professor of Robotics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He was director of the MIT Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (1997–2007), previously the "Artificial Intelligence Laboratory".
In 1997, Brooks and his work were featured in the film Fast, Cheap & Out of Control.Brooks became a member of the National Academy of Engineering in 2004 for contributions to the foundations and applications of robotics, including the establishment of consumer and hazardous environment robotics industries.


== Work ==


=== Academic work ===

Instead of computation as the ultimate conceptual metaphor that helped artificial intelligence become a separate discipline in the scientific community, he proposed that action or behavior are more appropriate to be used in robotics. Critical of applying the computational metaphor, even to the fields where the action metaphor is more appropriate, he wrote in 2008 that:

Some of my colleagues have managed to recast Pluto's orbital behavior as the body itself carrying out computations on forces that apply to it. I think we are perhaps better off using Newtonian mechanics (with a little Einstein thrown in) to understand and predict the orbits of planets and others. It is so much simpler.
In his 1990 paper, "Elephants Don't Play Chess", Brooks argued that in order for robots to accomplish everyday tasks in an environment shared by humans, their higher cognitive abilities, including abstract thinking emulated by symbolic reasoning, need to be based on the primarily sensory-motor coupling (action) with the environment, complemented by the proprioceptive sense which is a key component in hand–eye coordination, pointing out that:

Over time there's been a realization that vision, sound-processing, and early language are maybe the keys to how our brain is organized.
Editor positionsBrooks was also co-founding editor of the International Journal of Computer Vision and is on the editorial boards of various journals including:

Adaptive behavior
Artificial Life (MIT Press Journal)
Applied Artificial IntelligenceMembershipsFounding fellow of the American Association for Artificial Intelligence (AAAI)
Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS)
Member of the National Academy of Engineering (2004)
In 2005 he was inducted as a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery.
Australian Academy of Science, Corresponding Member 2006


=== Industrial work ===
Brooks was an entrepreneur before leaving academia to found Rethink Robotics. He was one of ten founders of Lucid Inc., and worked with them until the company's closure in 1993. Before Lucid closed, Brooks had founded iRobot with former students Colin Angle and Helen Greiner.


=== Robots ===

He experimented with off-the-shelf components, such as Fischertechnik and Lego, and tried to make robots self-replicate by putting together clones of themselves using the components. His robots include mini-robots used in oil wells explorations without cables, the robots that searched for survivors at Ground Zero in New York, and the robots used in medicine doing robotic surgery.
AllenIn the late 1980s, Brooks and his team introduced Allen, a robot using subsumption architecture. As of 2012 Brooks' work focused on engineering intelligent robots to operate in unstructured environments, and understanding human intelligence through building humanoid robots.
Baxter
Introduced in 2012 by Rethink Robotics, an industrial robot named Baxter was intended as the robotic analogue of the early personal computer designed to safely interact with neighboring human workers and be programmable for the performance of simple tasks. The robot stopped if it encountered a human in the way of its robotic arm and has a prominent off switch which its human partner can push if necessary. Costs were projected to be the equivalent of a worker making $4 an hour.


== Awards and honors ==
Computers and Thought Award at the 1991 IJCAI (International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence)
IEEE Robotics and Automation Award in 2015Lectureships include:

Cray lecturer at the University of Minnesota
Mellon lecturer at Dartmouth College
Hyland lecturer at Hughes
Forsythe lecturer at Stanford University


== Film appearances ==
We Need to Talk About A.I (2020)
Machine (2019)
Welcome to the Machine (2012)
Rodney's Robot Revolution (2008)
cyborg insects on FOXNews
Love Machine (2002)
Cyberworld 2020 (2002)
Fast, Cheap & Out of Control (1997)
Future Fantastic (1996)


== Bibliography ==
Brooks, Rodney (March 1986). "A robust layered control system for a mobile robot". IEEE Journal of Robotics and Automation. 2 (1): 14–23. doi:10.1109/jra.1986.1087032. hdl:1721.1/6432.
Rodney Brooks (1989), "A Robot that Walks; Emergent Behaviors from a Carefully Evolved Network" (PDF), Neural Computation, 1 (2): 253–262, doi:10.1162/neco.1989.1.2.253, hdl:1721.1/6500, S2CID 33987248, retrieved 24 August 2010
Brooks, Rodney (1990), "Elephants Don't Play Chess" (PDF), Robotics and Autonomous Systems, 6 (1–2): 3–15, CiteSeerX 10.1.1.588.7539, doi:10.1016/S0921-8890(05)80025-9, retrieved 30 August 2007.
Rodney Brooks (January 1991), "Intelligence without representation", Artificial Intelligence, 47 (1–3): 139–159, CiteSeerX 10.1.1.308.6537, doi:10.1016/0004-3702(91)90053-M
Steels, Luc; Brooks, Rodney, eds. (1995), The Artificial Life Route to Artificial Intelligence: Building Embodied, Situated Agents, Hillsdale, New Jersey: Lawrence Erlbaum Associates, ISBN 978-0-8058-1519-1, retrieved 24 August 2010 Alternative ISBN 0-8058-1518-X
Brooks, Rodney A.; Maes, Pattie, eds. (1996), Artificial Life: Proceedings of the Fourth International Workshop on the Synthesis and Simulation of Living Systems, Cambridge, Massachusetts: MIT Press, ISBN 978-0-262-52190-1, retrieved 24 August 2010
Rodney Brooks (1999), Cambrian Intelligence: The Early History of the New AI, MIT Press, ISBN 978-0-262-52263-2, retrieved 24 August 2010
K. Warwick "Out of the Shady age: the best of robotics compilation", Review of Cambrian Intelligence: the early history of AI, by R A Brooks, Times Higher Educational Supplement, p. 32, 15 September 2000.
The Relationship Between Matter and Life (in Nature 409, pp. 409–411; 2001)
Flesh and Machines: How Robots Will Change Us (Pantheon, 2002) ISBN 0-375-42079-7
Thrun, Sebastian; Brooks, Rodney Allen; Durrant-Whyte, Hugh, eds. (2007), Robotics Research: Results of the 12th International Symposium ISSR, Berlin & Heidelberg: Springer-Verlag, ISBN 9783540481102, retrieved 24 August 2010
Brooks, Rodney (May–June 2013). "Robots at work : towards a smarter factory". The Futurist. 47 (3): 24–27.
Brooks contributed one chapter to Architects of Intelligence: The Truth About AI from the People Building it, Packt Publishing, 2018, ISBN 978-1-78-913151-2, by the American futurist Martin Ford.


== See also ==
Nouvelle AI


== References ==


== External links ==
 Media related to Rodney Brooks at Wikimedia Commons
Rethink Robotics
Rodney Brooks at IMDb
Rodney Brooks at TED 
Rodney Brooks: Why we will rely on robots (TED2013)
Rodney Brooks: Robots will invade our lives (TED2003)
Home page
The Deep Question Interview with Rodney Brooks by Edge
The Past and Future of Behavior Based Robotics Podcast Interview with Rodney Brooks by Talking Robots
Intelligence Without Reason seminal criticism of Von Neumann computing architecture
BBC article
CSAIL Rodney A. Brooks Biography
MIT: Cog Shop
Rodney A. Brooks Biography
Rodney A. Brooks Publications
Rodney's Robot Revolution (2008)
Rodney Brooks on Artificial Intelligence - EconTalk podcast interview with Rodney Brooks.  Released Sep 24, 2018.Meredith Broussard is a data journalism professor at the Arthur L. Carter Journalism Institute at New York University. Her research focuses on the role of artificial intelligence in journalism.


== Career ==
Broussard was previously a features editor at The Philadelphia Inquirer, and a software developer at the AT&T Bell Labs and MIT Media Lab. Broussard has published features and essays in many outlets including The Atlantic, Harper’s Magazine, and Slate Magazine. She is the author of the nonfiction book Artificial Unintelligence: How Computers Misunderstand the World.As a fellow at the Tow Center for Digital Journalism at the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism, she built Bailiwick, a tool designed to uncover data-driven campaign finance stories, created for the United States presidential election of 2016.Currently, Broussard is an associate professor at the Arthur L. Carter Journalism Institute of New York University, a research director of the NYU Alliance for Public Interest Technology, and an advisory board member of the Center for Critical Race and Digital Studies.Broussard appeared as herself in the 2020 Netflix documentary, Coded Bias, which follows researchers and advocates as they explore how algorithms encode and propagate bias. She has been interviewed on a number of topics, including algorithmic bias, for several media outlets, including The Verge, Los Angeles Times, The New York Times, and Harvard Magazine.


== Publications ==
Broussard has published a wide range of books examining the intersection of technology and social practice. Her book Artificial Unintelligence: How Computers Misunderstand the World, published in April 2018 by MIT Press, examines the limits of technology in solving social problems. She has been profiled in Communications of the ACM and cited by Christopher Mims of The Wall Street Journal as an expert in the future of self-driving car technology. Other publications and works of hers include:

"Broken Technology Hurts Democracy"
"Challenges of archiving and preserving born-digital news applications"
"How to Think About Bots"
"New Airbnb Data Reveals Some Hosts Are Raking In Big Bucks"
"The Irony of Writing Online About Digital Preservation"
"The Secret Lives of Hackathon Junkies"
"When Cops Check Facebook"
"Big Data in Practice: Enabling Computational Journalism Through Code-Sharing and Reproducible Research Methods"
"Preserving News Apps Presents Huge Challenges"
"Why Poor Schools Can't Win at Standardized Testing"
"Artificial Intelligence for Investigative Reporting"


== Selected academic publications ==
Broussard, Meredith. "Artificial intelligence for investigative reporting: Using an expert system to enhance journalists’ ability to discover original public affairs stories." Digital Journalism 3.6 (2015): 814-831.
Broussard, Meredith, et al. "Artificial intelligence and journalism." Journalism & Mass Communication Quarterly 96.3 (2019): 673–695.
Boss, Katherine, and Meredith Broussard. "Challenges of archiving and preserving born-digital news applications." IFLA journal 43.2 (2017): 150–157.
Broussard, Meredith. "Big Data in Practice: Enabling computational journalism through code-sharing and reproducible research methods." Digital Journalism 4.2 (2016): 266–279.
Broussard, Meredith. "Teaching coding in journalism schools: Considerations for a secure technological infrastructure." Computation+ Journalism 2015 Conference. 2015.


== References ==David James Brown is an American computer scientist. He was one of a small group that helped to develop the system at Stanford University that later resulted in Sun Microsystems, and later was a co-founder of Silicon Graphics in 1982.


== Education ==
Brown received his primary and secondary school education in Delmar, New York, and then studied at the University of Pennsylvania, Moore School of Electrical Engineering where he received a B.S.E. degree in 1979 and an M.S.E. under advisor Ruzena Bajcsy in 1980.In 1984, Brown was introduced to David Wheeler, who invited him to join the University of Cambridge Computer Laboratory as a doctoral candidate. In October 1986, he matriculated at St John's College, University of Cambridge, England to pursue a Ph.D. degree. His dissertation introduced the concept of Unified Memory Architecture. This idea has subsequently been widely applied — such as by Intel in their processors and platform architecture of the late 1990s and onward.


== Career ==
Brown became a member of the research staff in the Computer Science Department at Stanford University in 1981, where he helped develop the research edition of the SUN workstation with Andreas Bechtolsheim, prior to the establishment of Sun Microsystems.In 1982, Brown was one of the group of the seven technical staff from Stanford (along with Kurt Akeley, Tom Davis, Rocky Rhodes, Mark Hannah, Mark Grossman, and Charles "Herb" Kuta) who joined Jim Clark to form Silicon Graphics.Brown and Stephen R. Bourne formed the Workstation Systems Engineering group at Digital Equipment Corporation. Together they built the group responsible for the introduction of the DECstation line of computer systems.In 1992, Brown joined Sun Microsystems. He helped to establish the process used for the company's system software architecture, and then went on to define the application binary interface for Solaris, Sun's principal system software product.
Later, Brown worked on Solaris's adoption of open-source software and practices, and then its technologies for energy-efficient computing.In 1998, Brown was elected to the Council of the Association for Computing Machinery, and in 2003 became a founding editor of the ACM Queue magazine, producing several articles through 2010.


== References ==David Randolph Brown (October 31, 1923 – April 16, 2016) was an American computer scientist. He was a member of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology leadership team that created Project Whirlwind, "one of the first large-scale, high-speed computers".


== Moore School Lectures ==
In 1946, David Brown was one of twenty-eight students chosen to attend the Moore School Lectures, a seminal lecture series in which the revolutionary potential of digital computers was presented by a consortium of pioneers "who almost constituted a Who’s Who of computing of the day."  Brown represented the MIT Servomechanisms Laboratory, which became the early research and development center for Project Whirlwind, under the direction of Jay Forrester.


== Project Whirlwind ==
In 1947, Jay Forrester enlisted David R. Brown to work on Project Whirlwind. Brown was in charge of Whirlwind's Electrical Engineering Division. He became the group leader for Group 63—Magnetic Materials. Group 63 developed, built, and installed Project Whirlwind’s ferrite magnetic core memory, which had been conceived (and was later patented) by Forrester.Brown subsequently worked on the SAGE computer defense system, Division 6 at MIT Lincoln Laboratory, where he became the first manager of the Advanced Development Group. He went on to work for the MITRE Corporation, "a non-profit organization to continue classified research and development projects that had transitioned to an operational stage and needed to be phased out of Lincoln Laboratory."In 1963, he went to work for SRI International (then called Stanford Research Institute) in Menlo Park, California as manager of the Computer Techniques Laboratory and later as head of the Information Science Laboratory.  He did early work on artificial intelligence and robotics.  On Sept. 17, 2015, he was inducted into the SRI International Hall of Fame "for exceptional contributions to the enduring success of SRI International." The Hall of Fame award citation for David R. Brown states,

David had a hand in bringing to SRI a set of talented researchers such that by the start of 1969 a huge breakout of new identifiable efforts emerged. At that moment, the Engineering Sciences Division expanded from five labs to a dozen identifiable program areas under just two leaders, one of whom was David Brown.
David’s group of six programs included the Artificial Intelligence Group, the Augmented Human Intellect Center, and the Computer Science Group, all of which evolved into independent labs with researchers who became world leaders in their field. As these labs matured, David continued as head of the Information Science Laboratory for another 8 years, and his tenure at SRI would eventually total 30 years.
He is a Life Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers.  The IEEE Life Fellow is "a distinction reserved for select IEEE members whose extraordinary accomplishments in any of the IEEE fields of interest are deemed fitting of this prestigious grade elevation."  Brown was nominated as an IEEE Life Fellow "For leadership in the development of digital-computer components and the design and operation of large-scale information processing systems."


== Publications ==
Brown, David R. and Ernst Albers-Schoenberg."Ferrites Speed Digital Computers."
Brown, David R. "Gate Circuits Report" (Project Whirlwind). Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Servomechanisms Laboratory, Project Whirlwind, 1946.
Artificial Intelligence/Robotics Applications to Navy Aircraft Maintenance, Volumes 53-84 of CNLD CR. Authors: David R. Brown, Richard H. Monahan, William T. Park, SRI International, Menlo Park CA, David W. Taylor Naval Ship Research and Development Center. Publisher: SRI International, 1984.
Brown, David R. and William T. Park. "Military Space Robotics." SRI International, Menlo Park, CA Geoscience and Engineering Center. Publisher: Defense Technical Information Center, 1987.


== References ==Deborah Washington Brown (June 3, 1952 - June 5, 2020) was an American computer scientist and speech recognition researcher who worked at AT&T Bell Labs, and other companies for many years doing speech recognition research.  She was the first black woman to earn a doctorate in computer science (then a part of their applied math program) at Harvard University in 1981. She was one of the first black female computer scientists to graduate from a U. S. doctoral program.


== Early life and education ==
Born as Deborah Blanche Washington on June 3, 1952 in Washington D. C., Brown was the youngest of 4 children (with a twin brother Melvin Charles Washington) of Edwin and Lola Washington.  She attended high school at the National Cathedral School 1966–70. She was admitted to the New England Conservatory of Music in 1970 to pursue her dream of becoming a classical pianist, but left in 1971 for Lowell Technological Institute after being dissuaded about her prospects. She received a bachelor's degree with honors in mathematics at Lowell in 1975. She received a Master's (1977) and a PhD (1981) in Applied Math at Harvard University advised first by Harry R. Lewis and then by Tom Cheatham.  Her thesis was on “The solution of difference equations describing array manipulation in program loops”. She was elected Commencement marshal at her Harvard graduation.


== Computer science career ==
Brown's first job was at Norden Systems, developing software for missile defense technology.  In the late 1980s, she joined AT&T Bell Labs as a Member of Technical Staff and later Principal Member of Technical Staff. Her speech technology career continued at other companies until her death in 2020.
Brown worked at the forefront of many applications of speech recognition during her career, and her contributions to the field are  seen in part through her 11 United States Patents on which she is a named inventor.  These include data collection methods using automatic speech recognition (ASR) instead of human agents, methods for correcting ASR errors in user id recognition (numbers or names) over the phone using confusion matrices, innovations in grammar generation and pruning for ASR, 
methods for identifying prompt-specific caller responses, multiple methods to identify errors in recognition of user account numbers due to ASR issues using confusion matrices of possible answers, a Natural Language Call Router, and a system to bridge text chat interaction with a voice-enabled interactive voice response system.


== Personal life ==
In addition to her technological achievements, Brown was also an accomplished classical pianist.  Throughout her career in computer science, Brown continued to study and teach piano, playing at Carnegie Hall and excelling in competitions.Brown married Ruel “Rula” Brown on May 26, 1979. They have two daughters, Laurel and LaToya.


== See also ==
Women in computing


== References ==


== External links ==
Harvard University Alumni Profile
Harvard University Doctoral Dissertation with Historical Note
Obituary and piano performance segments
ObituaryJames A. Brown was manager of the group within IBM responsible for the programming language APL2 program product. APL2 was first available on IBM mainframe computers in 1980, and was later available under Linux, Unix, and Windows. In 1993, Brown received the Kenneth E. Iverson Award for Outstanding Contribution to APL from the Association for Computing Machinery.In 1996, he left IBM to become a consultant and entrepreneur. In 1999, Brown cofounded SmartArrays, Inc., and has held a senior position in the company for many years. The firm develops specialized analytic software based on columnar databases, with memory-resident vector processing, for uses where customers consider commercial off-the-shelf software to be more expensive, slow, or limited.


== References ==


== External links ==
Official websiteMaxine D. Brown is an American computer scientist and retired director of the Electronic Visualization Laboratory (EVL) at the University of Illinois at Chicago (UIC). Along with Tom DeFanti and Bruce McCormick, she co-edited the 1987 NSF report, Visualization in Scientific Computing, which defined the field of scientific visualization.


== Biography ==
Brown holds a B.A. in Mathematics from Temple University and an M.S. in Computer Science from the University of Pennsylvania.
Prior to coming to the University of Illinois at Chicago in 1986, Brown was a professional communications consultant specializing in technical communications for the computer graphics industry. Until October 1983, she was Director of Documentation at Digital Productions. She was formerly with ISSCO Graphics, a supplier of data representation graphics software, working in the documentation, development, and marketing areas. She has also worked at Hewlett-Packard, in both their research and development groups and in marketing. In the 1987 she became associate director of the Electronic Visualization Laboratory (EVL) at the University of Illinois at Chicago, responsible for the funding, documentation, and promotion of its research activities. She works closely with EVL's collaborators at the National Center for Supercomputing Applications (NCSA) at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and the Mathematics and Computer Science Division at Argonne National Laboratory to coordinate research activities.Brown is also a steering committee member of the Pacific Rim Applications and Grid Middleware Assembly (PRAGMA), a founding member of GLIF, the Global Lambda Integrated Facility, a global group that manages international switched wavelength networks for research and education, and co-chair (with Larry Smarr) of the GLIF Research & Applications (RAP) working group. Brown has also served co-chair of international grid (iGrid) demonstrations, notably iGrid 1998 at SC.98 in Orlando, Florida; iGrid 2000 at INET in Yokohama, Japan; iGrid 2002 in Amsterdam, The Netherlands; and, iGrid 2005 in San Diego, California.Maxine Brown was a recipient of the 1990 UIC Chancellor's Academic Professional Excellence (CAPE) award, and the recipient of the 1998 SIGGRAPH Outstanding Service Award. and the 2001 UIC Merit Award.


== Publications ==
Brown has authored numerous articles and papers. A selection:
1987. "Visualization in Scientific Computing". Edited with Bruce H. McCormick and Thomas A. DeFanti. ACM Press.
1988. "Imcomp -- An Image Compression and Conversion Algorithm for the Efficient Transmission, Storage, and Display of Color Images". With M. Krogh. In: NCSA Data Link. Vol. 2, No. 3, National Center for Supercomputing Applications, June 1988, pp. 11– 24
1989. "Scientific Animation Workstations: Creating an Environment for Remote Research, Education, and Communication". With T.A. DeFanti. In: Academic Computing, Feb. 1989, pp. 10–12, 55–57.
1995. "Virtual Environments and Distributed Computing at SC'95: GII Testbed and HPC Challenge Applications on the I-WAY." Edited with H. Korab. Published by ACM/IEEE Supercomputing '95, December 1995.
1996. "Virtual Reality Over High Speed Networks." With T. DeFanti and R.Stevens. In: IEEE Computer Graphics and Applications, Vol 16.4, July 1996, pp. 42–43.
1997. "The ImmersaDesk and Infinity Wall Projection-Based Virtual Reality Displays". With Marek Czernuszenko, Dave Pape, Daniel Sandin, Tom DeFanti and Gregory L. Dawe. In: Computer Graphics. May 1997.
1997. "Global Tele-Immersion: Better Than Being There". With Jason Leigh, Thomas A. DeFanti, Andrew E. Johnson, and Daniel J. Sandin.
1999. "Visualization. Expanding Scientific and Engineering Research Opportunities". With Thomas A. DeFanti and Bruce H. McCormick. In: Readings in information Visualization: Using Vision to Think, pages 39–56.
2002. "Teleimmersion and Visualization with the OptIPuter". With others. Proceedings of the 12th International Conference on Artificial Reality and Telexistence (ICAT 2002), The University of Tokyo, Japan, December 3–6, 2002.


== References ==


== External links ==
Maxine D. Brown at University of Illinois at Chicago (UIC)Peter Fitzhugh Brown (born February 2, 1955) is the CEO of the American hedge fund Renaissance Technologies.


== Education and career ==
After graduating from Harvard University with a B.A. in mathematics, Peter F. Brown joined a team at Exxon Office Systems that was working on computer systems to transcribe spoken language into computer text. Later he earned a Ph.D. in computer science from Carnegie Mellon University. In 1984 he joined the IBM speech group, working on computer software to transcribe spoken text. The group, led by Frederick Jelinek, included Robert Mercer and several other mathematicians, statisticians, and scientists.
To them, language could be modeled like a game of chance. At any point in a sentence, there exists a certain probability of what might come next, which can be estimated based on past, common usage. ... each step along the way is random, yet dependent on the previous step—a hidden Markov model. A speech-recognition system's job was to take a set of observed sounds, crunch the probabilities, and make the best possible guess about the "hidden" sequences of words that could have generated these sounds. To do that, the IBM researchers employed the Baum-Welch algorithm—codeveloped by Jim Simons's early trading partner Lenny Baum—to zero in on the various language probabilities. Rather than manually programming in static knowledge about how the language worked, they created a program that learned from data.
Brown (unsuccessfully) urged IBM management to use the speech group's research to develop and sell new products, such as an automated service for evaluation of financial credit. He successfully convinced Abe Peled, a high-level executive in IBM's Research Division, to hire the Carnegie Mellon research team that was programming a computer to play chess. The team, working for IBM, developed Deep Blue, which defeated Garry Kasparov in a 1997 chess match.Jim Simons offered to double Peter Brown's and Robert Mercer's IBM salaries, and they went to work for Renaissance Technologies in 1993. Brown and Mercer were responsible for hiring David Magerman in 1995. In 1995 Brown and Mercer implemented a new, improved trading system that incorporated all of the trading signals and portfolio requirements of Renaissance Technologies into a monolithic, new, and improved trading system. Soon afterward, they were promoted to senior managers and partners with percentages of the profits of Renaissance Technologies. Magerman found and fixed two serious software bugs in Brown and Mercer's trading system. In 1997 Simons gave a 10% equity stake to Henry Laufer and, later, gave sizable equity stakes to Brown, Mercer, and others. Simons thus reduced his equity stake to very slightly over 50%. As Jim Simons became more confident, he moved the firm into a new headquarters compound with a gym, lighted tennis courts, a library with a fireplace, and a large auditorium, where biweekly seminars were held.
Intense and energetic, Brown hustled from meeting to meeting, riding a unicycle through the halls and almost running over colleagues. Brown worked much of the night on a computer near the Murphy bed in his office, grabbing a nap when he tired.
In 2003 Simons announced that Brown and Mercer would become executive vice-presidents of the entire firm, co-managing with Simons himself. In 2010 Simons made Brown and Mercer co-CEOS and retired. In November 2017, Mercer announced that he would resign from Renaissance Technologies. Since Mercer's resignation, Brown has been the sole CEO.


== Family ==
Peter F. Brown, a son of Henry B. R. Brown, married Margaret Hamburg on May 23, 1992. They have two children.


== References ==Quincy K. Brown is an American computer scientist and former Senior Policy Advisor in the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy. She is a published academic and co-founder of blackcomputeHER.org, NationOfMakers.org and Black In Computing.


== Early life and education ==
Brown graduated from Bronx High School of Science and received a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering from North Carolina Agricultural & Technical State University in 1995. She earned a master of science degree (2007) and doctor of philosophy degree in computer science (2009) from Drexel University.Brown's research focused on mobile Human Computer Interaction, Computer Science education, Intelligent Tutoring Systems, and Broadening Participation in Computing. Her work studied how children used touch and gesture on mobile devices for learning, how first responders used mobile devices in emergency situations, and inquiry behaviors for mobile devices.


== Career and research ==
Brown was an assistant professor at Bowie State University from 2010 to 2016. She left academia to pursue careers in the government and non-profit organizations after earning tenure.Brown founded Girl Who Will, a summer program for middle and high school girls, in 2011.Brown served as senior policy advisor for the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy in 2016 and program director for STEM Education Research at the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) from 2016 to 2019. In these roles, she worked on computer science education and broadening participation in STEM.  Brown was one of 149 African Americans who served in the Obama administration to sign the June 26, 2019 Washington Post op-ed titled We are African Americans, we are patriots, and we refuse to sit idly by.In 2020, Brown launched the organization blackcomputeHER.org with Jamika D. Burge and Jakita Thomas. The organization's mission is to support workforce development, computing education and technology education for Black women and girls through research, programs, and events. In the same year, Brown worked with colleagues to form Black In Computing, a nonprofit organization that supports its members in their pursuit to affect change in the computing community. She is also the co-founder of NationOfMakers.org, a non-profit organization to encourage an inclusive and diverse community of makers and Games+MobilePlay, Learn, Live Lab.Brown is currently Director of Engagement and Research at AnitaB.org.


== Awards and Fellowships ==
In 2009, Brown received the National Science Foundation's Computing Community Consortium CI Fellows Postdoctoral Research Fellowship and GK-12 Fellow award. She was also a NSF Bridges to the Doctorate Fellow.


== Selected publications ==
Brown, Q., R. G. Tull, L. Medina, M. Beadle-Holder, and Y. Medina. "Factoring Family Considerations into Female Faculty Choices for International Engagement in Engineering, IT, and Computer Science." In ASEE Annual Conference & Exposition, Seattle, Washington, vol. 10, p. 24093. 2015.
Brown, Quincy, and Lisa Anthony. "Toward comparing the touchscreen interaction patterns of kids and adults." In SIGCHI EIST Workshop 2012. 2012.
Brown, Quincy, and Jamika D. Burge. "MOTIVATE: Bringing out the fun with 3-D printing and e-textiles for middle-and high-school girls." In 2014 ASEE Annual Conference & Exposition, pp. 24–915. 2014.
Brown, Quincy, Lisa Anthony, Jaye Nias, Berthel Tate, Robin Brewer, and Germaine Irwin. "Towards Designing Adaptive Touch-Based Interfaces." In Proceedings of the ACM SIGCHI 2013 Third Mobile Accessibility Workshop. 2013.
Brewer, Robin, Lisa Anthony, Quincy Brown, Germaine Irwin, Jaye Nias, and Berthel Tate. "Using gamification to motivate children to complete empirical studies in lab environments." In Proceedings of the 12th international conference on interaction design and children, pp. 388–391. 2013.
Anthony, Lisa, Quincy Brown, Berthel Tate, Jaye Nias, Robin Brewer, and Germaine Irwin. "Designing smarter touch-based interfaces for educational contexts." Personal and Ubiquitous Computing 18, no. 6 (2014): 1471-1483.
Anthony, Lisa, Quincy Brown, Jaye Nias, Berthel Tate, and Shreya Mohan. "Interaction and recognition challenges in interpreting children's touch and gesture input on mobile devices." In Proceedings of the 2012 ACM international conference on Interactive tabletops and surfaces, pp. 225–234. 2012.


== References ==


== External links ==
quincykbrown.comJames Clayton "Jim" Browne (January 16, 1935 – January 19, 2018) was an American computer scientist.


== Early life and education ==
Born in Conway, Arkansas,  he attended Hendrix College, where he studied chemistry. In 1960, he earned a doctorate in physical chemistry from the University of Texas and joined the faculty. Between 1963 and 1967, Browne worked at Queen's University Belfast in Ireland, where he helped establish the school's first computational center. He was named a full professor upon his return to the University of Texas in 1968. For a time, Browne was chair of the department of computer science, and held the regents' chair #2 in computer sciences.


== Career ==
Browne founded the James C. Browne Graduate Fellowship Fund at the University of Texas, and was named a fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery, the American Physical Society, the American Association for the Advancement of Science, and the British Computer Society.Brown was married to Gayle, with whom he had three children, from 1959 to his death on January 19, 2018, aged 83.


== References ==
"Browne, James Clayton". WorldCat. Retrieved December 1, 2019.
"James C. Browne". Retrieved December 1, 2019.Kim B. Bruce is an American computer scientist. He is the Reuben C. and Eleanor Winslow Professor of Computer Science at Pomona College, and was previously the Frederick Latimer Wells Professor of Computer Science at Williams College. He helped establish the computer science departments at both institutions. His work focuses on the design of programming languages.


== Early life and education ==
Bruce attended Pomona College. He then received his doctorate from the University of Wisconsin–Madison.


== Career ==
Bruce was the Frederick Latimer Wells Professor of Computer Science at Williams College for 28 years. He then moved to teach at his alma mater, Pomona.


== References ==


== External links ==
Faculty page at Pomona CollegeAlice Jane Bernheim Brush is an American computer scientist known for her research in human-computer interaction, ubiquitous computing and computer supported collaborative work (CSCW).  She is particularly known  for her research studying and building technology for homes as well as expertise conducting field studies of technology.  
She is the Co-Chair of CRA-W from 2014–2017.


== Biography ==
Brush received a B.A. in Computer Science and Mathematics 
from Williams College in 1996. She received a M.S. in Computer Science from the University of Washington in 1998 and a Ph.D in Computer Science from the University of Washington in 2002.
She then was a Postdoctoral Fellow at the University of Washington from 2002–2004. She then joined Microsoft Research.


== Career ==
Brush currently focuses on home automation research and co-leads the Lab of Things project, a publicly available platform for experimental research using connected devices in homes. Brush's research on the challenges and opportunities of smart homes based on interviews with people living in smart homes  informed the design of the Lab of Things software.Brush and her collaborators conducted research on family coordination and calendaring  and built prototypes  that influenced Windows Live Calendar and the Windows Phone Family Room feature. Studying use of technology in homes, Brush and her colleagues have repeatedly demonstrated how frequently devices are shared in households, even devices typically considered "personal" such as mobile devices.  She has co-developed and tested multiple alternative paradigms for user account management that better match shared usage.


== Awards ==
Brush received the CRA-W 2010 Borg Early Career Award.Her other notable awards include:

Best Paper Nominee for a CHI 2006 paper: LINC-ing" the Family: The Participatory Design of an Inkable Family Calendar 
2011 Pervasive Computing Best Paper Award for: Learning Time-Based Presence Probabilities
2011 Pervasive Computing Best Paper Nominee for: SpeakerSense: Energy Efficient Unobtrusive
2010 Pervasive Health Best Paper Award for: Automatic Classification of Daily Fluid Intake
2005 HICCS Best Paper Nominee for: 'Today' Messages: Lightweight Support for Small Group Awareness via Email


== References ==


== External links ==
Microsoft Research: A.J.Brush Computational User Experiences Group
Works by or about Brush, A. J. Bernheim in libraries (WorldCat catalog)Peter Brusilovsky is a professor of information science
and intelligent systems at the University of Pittsburgh. He is known as one of the pioneers of adaptive hypermedia, adaptive web design,
and web-based adaptive learning.
He has published numerous articles in user modeling, personalization, educational technology, intelligent tutoring systems, and information access. As of February 2015 Brusilovsky was ranked as #1 in the world in the area of computer education and #21 in the world in the area of World Wide Web by Microsoft Academic Search. According to Google Scholar as of April 2018, he has over 33,000 citations and h-index of 77. Brusilovsky's group has been awarded best paper awards at Adaptive Hypermedia, User Modeling, Hypertext, IUI, ICALT, and EC-TEL conference series, including five James Chen Best Student paper awards.Brusilovsky studied applied mathematics and computer science at the Moscow State University. His doctoral advisor was Lev Nikolayevich Korolyov. He received postdoctoral training at University of Sussex, University of Trier, and Carnegie Mellon University under the guidance of Ben du Boulay, Gerhard Weber, and John Anderson. This research was supported by fellowships from Royal Society, Alexander von Humboldt Foundation, and James S. McDonnell Foundation.  Since 2000 he worked as an assistant professor, associate professor, and full professor at the University of Pittsburgh School of Computing and Information (formerly School of Information Sciences). He also served as founding associate editor-in-chief (2007–2012) and editor-in-chief (2013–2018) of IEEE Transactions on Learning Technologies. Brusilovsky is a recipient of NSF CAREER Award, SFI ETS Walton Visitor Award, and Fulbright-Nokia Distinguished Chair in Information and Communications Technologies. He also holds an honoris causa degree from Slovak University of Technology in Bratislava.Brusilovsky coined the term "explorable explanation" for media that uses interactive models to communicate scientific ideas.


== References ==


== External links ==
Brusilovsky's personal page at the University of Pittsburgh
School of Computing and Information, University of Pittsburgh
Intelligent Systems Program, University of Pittsburgh
IEEE Transactions on Learning TechnologiesGreg Bryant is a computer scientist and community organizer, best known as the founder of Workspot in downtown Palo Alto during the dotcom boom, and editor of RAIN Magazine since 1989. He also acted as a liaison between the computer industry and Christopher Alexander on many projects.


== Career ==
In computing, he was an early promoter of virtual machines, which led to work promoting UNIX and software tools at Intel headquarters during the 80386 project, and the creation of several production domain-specific languages. He built languages and authoring tools for the first consumer in-car navigation systems, and the first mobile traffic app, and built the first fullscreen mobile apps for Google, and for eBay
. He introduced the idea of 'unfolding programming sequences', and the category of 'operational grammars' with the programming language 'grogix'. He writes about foundation problems in computing philosophy, and presents on the application of software to urban issues.His community organizing closely follows his research and writing for RAIN Magazine. He co-founded two special-purpose community centers, which were also local business incubators: the Center for Appropriate Transport and the Tango Center in Eugene, Oregon. Defending the Tango Center led to a ballot measure that temporarily defunded Urban Renewal in downtown Eugene, Measure 20–134 in November 2007, which may be the central factor in its rejuvenation.


== References ==


== External links ==
Greg Bryant CompendiumKimberly Bryant is an African American electrical engineer who worked in the biotechnology field at Genentech, Novartis Vaccines, Diagnostics, and Merck. In 2011, Bryant founded Black Girls Code, a nonprofit organization that focuses on providing technology and computer programming education to African-American girls. After founding Black Girls Code, Bryant was listed as one of the "25 Most Influential African-Americans In Technology" by Business Insider.


== Early Life and Education ==
Kimberly Bryant was born and raised in Memphis, Tennessee on January 14, 1967 by a single mother amidst the Civil Rights Movement. She self-described as a "nerdy girl," excelling in mathematics and science in school. She earned a scholarship to attend Vanderbilt University in 1985, where she planned to become a civil engineer. Enticed by technologies such as the microchip, the personal computer, and the portable cellphone, she switched her major and earned a degree in Electrical Engineering and minors in Computer Science and math in 1989.


== Career ==
Early in her career, Bryant held jobs at electrical companies Westinghouse Electric and DuPont. Later, Bryant would move to biotechnology and later to pharmaceutical companies, where she worked at Pfizer, Merck, and at Genentech and Novartis.


=== Black Girls Code ===
Bryant founded Black Girls Code in 2011 after her daughter expressed an interest in learning computer programming. In her search for available courses in the Bay area, she found that none were well-suited for her daughter. They were taken mostly by boys, and rarely had any other African American girls in attendance. Having experienced isolation herself during her time studying and working, she wanted a better environment for her daughter. Bryant hopes that this endeavor will allow young girls, especially those from minority populations, to remain involved in STEM and increase awareness within the field. African-American women make up less than 3% of the workforce in the tech industry and Black Girls Code fights to change and improve this percentage for the better.Black Girls Code teaches computer programming to school-age girls in after-school and summer programs. The San Francisco-based nonprofit organization has a goal of teaching one million black girls to code by 2040. The organization already has trained 3,000 girls in fifteen chapters in cities across United States and abroad, including a chapter in Johannesburg, South Africa.In August 2017 Bryant was involved with turning down a $125,000 donation by Uber which she considered "disingenuous". The donation followed allegations of sexual harassment at Uber. Bryant also noted in her refusal, that Girls Who Code was offered ten times the amount that was offered to Black Girls Code. In February 2018 Black Girls Code partnered with Uber's competitor Lyft - as Bryant considered their values to be better aligned with her own.Bryant is a thought leader in the area of inclusion in the field of technology, and has spoken on the topic at events such as TedX Kansas City, TedX San Francisco, Platform Summit, Big Ideas Festival, and SXSW.After a rash of resignations in Summer 2021, with employees citing "cultural and interpersonal issues [at the organization]" the board of directors for Black Girls Code ousted Bryant on December 23, 2021 from her position as CEO and placed on suspension, while "serious allegations of workplace impropriety are being investigated."


=== Boards ===
Bryant serves on the National Champions Board for the National Girls Collaborative Project, a charitable organization whose vision is to bring together organizations across the United States that are committed to informing and encouraging girls to pursue careers in STEM. She also serves on the board of the National Center for Women & Information Technology (NCWIT) K-12 Alliance, a group dedicated to creating access to an inclusive computing education for girls everywhere.


=== Recognition ===
In 2012, Bryant received the prestigious Jefferson Award for Community Service for her work to support Bay Area communities with Black Girls Code.In 2013, Bryant was recognized as a White House Champion of Change for Tech Inclusion. That same year, she was voted one of the 25 Most Influential African-Americans In Technology by Business Insider, awarded the Pahara-Aspen Education Fellowship, and named to The Root 100 and the Ebony Power 100 lists.In 2014, Bryant was the recipient of Smithsonian Magazine's American Ingenuity Award for Social Progress. She also was one of the winners of the POLITICO Women Who Rule Award.In 2019, Bryant was one of 65 finalists across 13 categories to present their projects at the 22nd annual Interactive Innovation awards presented by KPMG. She was also presented the SXSW Interactive Festival Hall of Fame award.


=== Keynotes ===
Bryant will be a keynote speaker in 2021 SXSW EDU.


== References ==Randal E. Bryant (born October 27, 1952) is an American computer scientist and academic noted for his research on formally verifying digital hardware and software. Bryant has been a faculty member at Carnegie Mellon University since 1984. He served as the Dean of the School of Computer Science (SCS) at Carnegie Mellon from 2004 to 2014. Dr. Bryant retired and became a Founders University Professor Emeritus on June 30th, 2020.
Over the years, Dr. Bryant has received many recognitions for his research on hardware and software verification as well as algorithms and computer architecture. His 1986 paper on symbolic Boolean manipulation using Ordered Binary Decision Diagrams (BDDs) has the highest citation count of any publication in the Citeseer database of computer science literature. In 2009 Bryant was awarded the Phil Kaufman Award by the EDA Consortium "for his seminal technological breakthroughs in the area of formal verification."


== Early life and education ==
Bryant was born on October 27, 1952 and is the son of John H. Bryant and Barbara Everitt Bryant, and the grandson of William Littell Everitt, former dean of the electrical engineering department at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign (1949–68). His sister is Lois Bryant, a well-known textile artist (https://loisbryantstudio.com/home.html). Bryant was raised in Birmingham, Michigan. Starting in 1970, he attended the University of Michigan, where he received his B.S. in Applied Mathematics from in 1973. His master thesis on Simulation of Packet Communication Architecture Computer Systems , published in 1977, is known to be one of the first publications on distributed simulation. He received his PhD from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1981.


== Career ==
From 1981 to 1984, Bryant was Assistant Professor of Computer Science at California Institute of Technology. His research areas included VLSI circuit models, logic simulation, and circuit testing. He also taught courses in computer architecture, digital systems theory, and computer algorithms.
In 1984, Bryant joined the faculty at Carnegie Mellon as an Assistant Professor of Computer Science. He continued his research on VLSI simulation, VLSI circuit verification, symbolic manipulation, and parallel computation.
He was a Visiting Research Fellow, Fujitsu Laboratories, Ltd., Kawasaki, Japan from 1990–1991.
In 1992, he became the University Professor at Carnegie Mellon. Professor Bryant taught Computer Architecture from 1992 to 1997.
He served as Dean of the School of Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University from 2004 to 2014. During his tenure, the combined enrollment at SCS increased more than 50 percent.
In 2003, Bryant was elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering for contributions to symbolic simulation and logic verification.
He was on the Engineering and Computer Science jury for the Infosys Prize from 2011 to 2013
In 2014–2015, he was the Assistant Director for Information Technology Research and Development at the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy, where he did work on robotics, machine learning, high-performance computing, semiconductor technology, and cloud computing and provided analysis and advice on Big Data.
Dr. Bryant is currently a Professor at the School of Computer Science. His most recent research fields include formal hardware and software verification, system testing, and computer science education. He teaches the course 15-213: Introduction to Computer Systems with Professor David R. O'Hallaron. Their book Computer Systems: A Programmer's Perspective, which introduces students to the hardware, operating system, compiler, and computer networks, is used by over 300 universities worldwide.


== Research and publications ==
Over the past years, Bryant has done many research on formal hardware and software verification as well as computer systems. His most well-known publication in 1986 was "Graph-Based Algorithms for Boolean Function Manipulation" , in which binary decision diagram (BDDs) was presented as a novel data structure for representing Boolean functions and manipulation algorithms. BDDs has been used extensively in fields such as digital circuit testing and synthesis and artificial intelligence planning. According to the famous Computer Scientist Donald Knuth, BDDs was deemed as "one of the only really fundamental data structures that came out in the last twenty-five years". Following his research, he published another paper on a tutorial and update on BDDs in 1992. His paper on BDDs was awarded for having the highest citation count in the Citeseer database of any computer science literature.
His work in verifying digital circuits-seminal work has received numerous awards from IEEE and other professional societies (see below). His paper on Formal verification by symbolic evaluation of partially-ordered trajectories was published in 1995. The method of symbolic trajectory evaluation described in his paper has been widely adopted to the industry, notably used by Intel. Starting in 2004, Bryant has been promoting new research initiatives in data-intensive computing.
Bryant and Professor David R. O'Hallaron at Carnegie Mellon University together wrote the book "Computer Systems: A Programmer's Perspective," in which they take a novel approach on teaching computer systems. Rather than emphasizing on the design and implementation of the systems, the book focuses on teaching students how systems - architecture, compilers, operating systems, and computer networking - affect the behavior and performance of the program. This book, now in its third edition, has been translated into Korean, Chinese, Macedonian and Russian and is in use by institutions all over the world.


== Awards and honors ==
Bryant is a fellow of the IEEE and the ACM.
He is a member of the National Academy of Engineering and the American Academy of Arts and Science.
In 1998 he received the ACM Kanellakis Theory and Practice Award (along with Edmund M. Clarke, Ken McMillan, and Allen Emerson)
In 1989, he was awarded the IEEE W.R.G. Baker Prize for the best paper appearing in any IEEE publication in the preceding year (1987).
In 2007, Bryant received the IEEE Emmanuel R. Piore Award for his research on tools to verify semiconductor's designs prior to their manufacture.
In 2009, Bryant was awarded the EDAC/IEEE Phil Kaufman for his "seminal technological breakthroughs in the area of formal verification".
In 2010, he received the A. Richard Newton Technical Award in Electronic Design Automation.


== References ==Werner Buchholz (24 October 1922 – 11 July 2019) was a German-American computer scientist. After growing up in Europe, Buchholz moved to Canada and then to the United States. He worked for International Business Machines (IBM) in New York. In June 1956, he coined the term "byte" for a unit of digital information. In 1990, he was recognized as a computer pioneer by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers.


== Biography ==


=== Early life ===
Werner Buchholz was born on 24 October 1922 in Detmold, Germany. His older brother, Carl Hellmut and he were the sons of the merchant Julius Buchholz and his wife, Elsa. Due to the growing anti-semitism in Detmold in 1936, the family moved to Cologne. Werner was able to go to England in 1938 where he attended school, while Carl Hellmut emigrated to America.Because of the threat of invasion in May 1940, Werner with other refugee students was interned by the British and later sent to Canada. With the help of the Jewish community in Toronto, he was released in 1941 and able to attend the University of Toronto. He completed his training as an electrical engineer in the United States at Caltech. His parents were murdered in 1942 (Julius) and 1944 (Elsa) in a concentration camp in Litzmannstadt (Łódź).


=== Career ===
Werner Buchholz was a member of the team at IBM that designed the IBM 701 and the IBM 7030 Stretch, IBM's first transistorized supercomputer. His work involved setting standards in the field of character encoding on computing systems. In 1956, he coined the term byte as a unit of digital information. A byte was an ordered collection of bits, which were the smallest amounts of data that a computer could process ("bite").In 1990, Buchholz received the IEEE Computer Pioneer Award, awarded since 1981 to recognize and honor individuals whose effort resulted in the creation and vitality of the computer industry.


=== Personal life ===
He worked 40 years at IBM in Poughkeepsie, New York, where he participated in the development of the computer. His wife Anna died in 2007 and their son John in 1975. Buchholz died in July 2019 at the age of 96.


== See also ==
List of IBM products
List of computer term etymologies


== Notes ==


== References ==Everett "Rett" L. Bull (born August 16, 1949) is an American computer scientist. He is the Emeritus Professor of Computer Science at Pomona College in Claremont, California, and held the Osler-Loucks Professor of Science and Professor of Computer Science endowed chair.


== Early life and education ==
Bull earned his bachelor's degree from Pomona College, graduating in 1971 with a degree in mathematics. He then completed a doctorate at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1976.


== Career ==
Bull began teaching at Pomona in 1981.


== Personal life ==
Bull is married to Jill S. Grigsby, a retired sociologist at Pomona.


== References ==


== External links ==
Faculty page at Pomona CollegeJoy Adowaa Buolamwini is a Ghanaian-American-Canadian computer scientist and digital activist based at the MIT Media Lab. She founded the Algorithmic Justice League, an organization that looks to challenge bias in decision-making software. The organization does this by blending art, advocacy, and research to highlight the social implications and harms of AI.


== Early life and education ==
Buolamwini was born in Edmonton, Alberta, grew up in Mississippi and attended Cordova High School. At age 9, she was inspired by Kismet, the MIT robot, and taught herself XHTML, JavaScript and PHP. She was a competitive pole vaulter.As an undergraduate, Buolamwini studied computer science at Georgia Institute of Technology, where she researched health informatics. Buolamwini graduated as a Stamps President's Scholar from Georgia Tech in 2012, and was the youngest finalist of the Georgia Tech InVenture Prize in 2009.Buolamwini is a Rhodes Scholar, a Fulbright fellow, a Stamps scholar, an Astronaut Scholar and an Anita Borg Institute scholar. As a Rhodes Scholar, she studied learning and technology at Jesus College, Oxford. During her scholarship she took part in the first formal Service Year, working on community focused projects.  She was awarded a Master's Degree from MIT in 2017 for research supervised by Ethan Zuckerman.


== Career and research ==
In 2011, she teamed with the Trachoma program at Carter Center, to develop an Android-based assessment system for Ethiopia and aid eradication of the disease worldwide.  As a Fulbright fellow, in 2013 Buolamwini worked with local computer scientists in Zambia to empower Zambian youth to become technology creators. On September 14, 2016 Buolamwini appeared at the White House summit on Computer Science for All.She is a researcher at the MIT Media Lab, where she identifies bias in algorithms and develops practices for accountability during their design; at the lab, Buolamwini is a member of Ethan Zuckerman's Center for Civic Media group. During her research, Buolamwini showed facial recognition systems 1,000 faces and asked them to identify whether faces were female or male, she found that software found it hard to identify dark-skinned women. Her project, Gender Shades, has attracted significant media attention and become part of her MIT thesis. Her 2018 paper Gender Shades: Intersectional Accuracy Disparities in Commercial Gender Classification, prompted responses from IBM and Microsoft, who swiftly improved their software. She also created the Aspire Mirror, a device that lets you see a reflection of yourself based on what inspires you. Her program, Algorithmic Justice League, aims to highlight the bias in code that can lead to discrimination against underrepresented groups. She has created two films, 'Code4Rights' and 'Algorithmic Justice League: Unmasking Bias'. She is Chief Technology Officer for Techturized Inc, a haircare technology company.Buolamwini's research is cited as an influence for Google and Microsoft in addressing gender and race bias in their products and processes.


== Activism ==
Joy Buolamwini founded the Algorithmic Justice League (AJL) in 2016 to lead the charge in acquiring equitable and accountable artificial intelligence (AI). The AJL organization combines art and research to illuminate the societal implications and harms of AI. The company's mission is to raise public awareness about the impacts of AI, equip society with research, give a voice to the most vulnerable communities, and galvanize the tech industry and congress.
The AJL website operates as a place to locate information and as a live blog. There are several sections on the site where people can share their stories and take action to donate or write to congressional representatives. In 2019, Buolamwini testified before the U.S. House of Representatives' Committee on Oversight and Government Reform about the risks of facial recognition technology.


=== Voicing Erasure ===
Voicing Erasure is one of the newer sections of research featured on the AJL website. Joy Buolamwini, Allison Koenecke, Safiya Noble, Ruha Benjamin, Kimberlé Crenshaw, Megan Smith, and Sasha Costanza-Chock produced a spoken word about bias in voice systems. Buolamwini and Koenecke are the lead researchers uncovering the biases of voice systems. They've discovered that speech recognition systems have the most trouble with African American Vernacular English speakers, despite the disturbing fact that these systems are secretly listening to our conversations. The final issue addressed is the harmful gender stereotypes perpetuated by the subservient nature of Siri, Alexa, and Cortona.


=== The Coded Gaze: Unmasking Algorithmic Bias ===
The Coded Gaze is a mini documentary debuted at the Museum of Fine Arts Boston in 2016 and currently available via YouTube. Buolamwini uses the mini documentary to concentrate on the bias which lies in Artificial Intelligence's function. The inspiration for the mini documentary and her research came when she was at MIT, creating her art "Aspire Mirror" which uses facial recognition to reflect another person who inspires you, onto your face. Buolamwini anticipated having Serena Williams, another dark-skinned woman,  reflected onto her face. However, the technology did not recognize her face. Buolamwini's research investigates why this was occurring, and consequently led Buolamwini to conclude that the exclusion of people who look like her was a result of a term she dubbed, the "Coded Gaze." She further discusses this concept in the mini documentary, "The Coded Gaze." The documentary explores how AI is subject to racial and gender biases that reflect the views and cultural backgrounds of those who develop it.


=== Coded Bias ===
The Coded Bias is a documentary film directed by Shalini Kantayya that features Joy Buolamwini’s research about AI inaccuracies in facial recognition technology and automated assessment software.  It focuses on the lack of regulation of facial recognition tools sold by IBM, Microsoft, and Amazon that perpetuate racial and gender bias. The film tells the story about a battle between Brooklyn tenants and a building management company that tried to initiate facial recognition to enter the building. The film featured include Weapons of Math Destruction author Cathy O'Neill and members of Big Brother Watch, including Silkie Carlo, which is located in London. On April 5, 2021, the documentary was made available to stream on Netflix.


== Awards and recognition ==
In 2017, Buolamwini was awarded the grand prize in the professional category in the Search for Hidden Figures contest, tied to the release of the film Hidden Figures in December 2016. The contest, sponsored by PepsiCo and 21st Century Fox, was intended to "help uncover the next generation of female leaders in science, technology, engineering and math,"  and attracted 7,300 submissions from young women across the United States.Buolamwini delivered a TEDx talk at Beacon Street entitled How I'm fighting bias in algorithms. In 2018 she appeared on TED Radio Hour. She was featured on Amy Poehler's Smart Girls in 2018. Fast Company magazine listed her as one of four "design heroes who are defending democracy online". She was listed as one of BBC's 100 Women in 2018.In 2019, Buolamwini was listed in Fortune Magazine's 2019 list of the World's Greatest Leaders. The magazine also termed her "the conscience of the A.I. revolution". She also made the inaugural Time 100 Next list in 2019. In 2020, Joy Buolamwini featured in a Levi's woman empowerment campaign for 8 March International Women's Day. She was also featured in the documentary Coded Bias.


== Personal life ==
Buolamwini has lived in Ghana; Barcelona, Spain; Oxford, United Kingdom; and in the U.S., Memphis, Tennessee and Atlanta, Georgia.


== See also ==
Timnit Gebru
Alicia Nicki Washington
Margaret Mitchell


== References ==Moira Burke is an American computer scientist working in the field of human-computer interaction. She currently works as a data scientist for Facebook.


== Education ==
Burke received her bachelor's degree from the University of Oregon in 2001 and her PhD from Carnegie Mellon University in 2011 under the supervision of Robert E. Kraut.


== Research ==
While at Carnegie Mellon, Burke published a study which found that talking to close friends on Facebook was associated with improved well-being. In 2013, Burke and Kraut published a study which found that Facebook users who contacted close friends about job opportunities were more likely to find employment than were those who contacted acquaintances. In 2014, Burke and Kraut published a study which found that interaction with other users on Facebook increases closeness, regardless of how much effort this interaction takes. In 2020, Burke with two other Facebook researchers published a study examining how use of social media contributed to social comparison bias. The study found that teens experienced more social comparison than adults.


== References ==Margaret M. Burnett (born 1949) is a computer scientist specializing in work at the intersection of human computer interaction and software engineering, and known for her pioneering work in visual programming languages, end-user software engineering, and gender-inclusive software. She is a Distinguished Professor of Computer Science at Oregon State University,, a member of the CHI Academy, and a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery.


== Education and career ==
Burnett was born in 1949, and is originally from Springfield, Illinois.
She studied at Miami University of Ohio from 1967 to 1970, brought there in part by their newly established program in computer science but eventually majoring in mathematics. After graduating, she became a software engineer for Procter & Gamble, the first women hired in a management position at their Ivorydale factory and research center in Cincinnati, Ohio.
She left soon after, following her husband to Santa Fe, New Mexico, where she started her own business, and then to Lawrence, Kansas.In Kansas, she became a student again at the University of Kansas (KU). She earned a master's degree there in 1981, began working as an independent consultant, then started a small consulting business with William Bulgren, a professor at KU, and eventually returned to KU for a Ph.D. in 1987. Her dissertation, Abstraction in the Demand-Driven, Temporal-Assignment, Visual Language Model, concerned visual programming languages and was supervised by Allen L. Ambler.On completing her doctorate, she became a Computer Science faculty member at Michigan Technological University. In 1993, she moved to Oregon State University's Computer Science Department.  She and Cherri M. Pancake (hired the same year), were the first two women to be hired as tenure-track Computer Science faculty at Oregon State.


== Activism ==
As a graduate student at the University of Kansas, Burnett founded a group for the professional women of Lawrence, Kansas to network for each other, the Lawrence Women's Network, which is still active.In the early 2000s she began developing methods for software engineers to check how gender-inclusive their software is, and she has given keynote addresses in software engineering concerning issues of gender-inclusivity for software and software engineers.


== Recognition ==
In 2016, Burnett became a Distinguished Professor at Oregon State University, and was named to the CHI Academy.
She was elected as a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery in 2017 "for contributions to end-user software engineering, understanding gender biases in software, and broadening participation in computing".


== References ==


== External links ==
Home page
Margaret Burnett publications indexed by Google ScholarRandal Chilton Burns is a professor and Chair of the computer science department at Johns Hopkins University. He is a member of the Kavli Neuroscience Discovery Institute, Institute for Data-Intensive Science, Engineering and the Science of Learning Institute and National Academy of Sciences. His research interests lie in building scalable data systems for exploration and analysis of big data.


== Education and early career ==
Burns graduated from Stanford University in 1993 with a bachelor's degree in geophysics. He earned his master's and doctorate from University of California, Santa Cruz in 1997 and 2000 respectively. He also worked as a research staff member at IBM's Alamden Research Center between 1996-2002.


== Research ==
Burns's PhD dissertation is titled 'Data Management in a Distributed File System for Storage Area Networks'. He has worked on waste management of unused digital data. He was part of a team along with Alex Szalay and Charles Meneveau which built a 350TB turbulence database that provides access to large computational fluid dynamics simulations. In recent times, his research has focused on neuroscience where he built a cloud based web-service for neuroscience data and enabled better understanding of the human brain.


== References ==Terri Burns is an investor and partner at GV (formerly Google Ventures). After joining the company in 2017 as a principal, she was promoted and became the youngest partner and first Black woman partner at GV in 2020.


== Early life and education ==
Burns was born on February 22, 1994 and graduated from New York University with a bachelor’s degree in computer science in 2016.


== Career ==
Burns joined the GV team in 2017 as a principal investor. In 2020, she became the youngest partner and first Black woman partner at GV. Her first investment was a $1 million seed round in Have a Great Summer (HAGS), a Gen-Z-founded startup and social network. Previously, she was a front-end engineer at Venmo and an associate product manager at Twitter where she met the GV team.Burns was also a contributing writer for publications including Teen Vogue and Forbes, documenting her journey into product management and the technology sector.


== Awards ==
2021: GCV Rising Stars Award
2020: Forbes 30 Under 30


== References ==


== External links ==
Official websiteRichard R. Burton is an American computer scientist at Acuitus, who previously worked at Bolt Beranek and Newman, and Xerox PARC.  A charter fellow of the ACM, he was awarded their Software System Award in 1994 for his contributions to Interlisp.


== References ==Samuel R. (Sam) Buss is an American computer scientist and mathematician who has made major contributions to the fields of mathematical logic, complexity theory and proof complexity. He is currently a Professor at the University of California, San Diego, Department of Computer Science and Department of Mathematics.


== Biography ==
Buss received his bachelor's degree in 1979 from the Emory University, and his master's degree and Ph.D.  from Princeton University, respectively in 1983 and 1985. He joined the University of California, Berkeley, mathematics department in 1986 as an Lecturer, and stayed there until 1988. Buss joined the faculty of University of California, San Diego, Computer Science and Mathematics Departments in 1988 as an assistant professor, where he was promoted to Professor in 1993.
In 2019, Buss gave the Gödel Lecture titled Totality, provability and feasibility.


== Research ==
Buss is considered one of the forefathers of bounded arithmetic and proof complexity.During his PhD, Buss worked in bounded arithmetic. He received his PhD in 1985. He introduced bounded arithmetic in his thesis and gave a nice proof theoretic characterization of polynomial time computation. His thesis is one of the main references in the area of bounded arithmetic. His is also author/editor of several books in mathematical logic and computer science.Buss proved in 1983 that the Boolean Formula Evaluation problem is in ALogTime, a major result in complexity theory.
His main research areas are mathematical logic, complexity theory and proof complexity. Other areas which he has contributed to include bounded arithmetic, bounded reverse mathematics, and lower bounds in propositional proof systems.


== References ==


== External links ==
Home page of Samuel R. Buss
The Boolean formula value problem is in ALOGTIME
Bounded arithmetic
Handbook of Proof Theory
3D Computer Graphics: A mathematical approach with OpenGLFabián E. Bustamante is an Argentinian-American computer scientist specializing in distributed systems and computer networking. He is currently a professor of computer science at Northwestern University.


== Career ==
Fabián E. Bustamante was born and raised in Argentina. After completing his Licencitura at Universidad Nacional de la Patagonia San Juan Bosco, he earned a Ph.D. specializing in distributed systems from the Georgia Institute of Technology under Karsten Schwan.
He is best known for his work on peer-to-peer systems and content delivery networks  (particularly Ono (P2P)) and for his tool for optimizing DNS performance .  He has authored more than 50 papers in various areas of Computer Science. and released over 10 publicly available systems resulting from his research work.


== Education ==
Ph.D., Computer Science, 2001. Georgia Institute of Technology.
Licenciatura, Computer Science, 1993.  Universidad Nacional de la Patagonia San Juan Bosco.


== References ==


== External links ==
Personal web page [1]
Research group web page [2]Margaret Kampschaefer Butler (March 27, 1924 – March 8, 2013) was a mathematician who participated in creating and updating computer software. During the early 1950s, Butler contributed to the development of early computers. Butler was the first female fellow at the American Nuclear Society and director of the National Energy Software Center at Argonne. Butler held leadership positions within multiple scientific organizations and women's groups. She was the creator and director of the National Energy Software Center. Here, Butler operated an exchange for the editing of computer programs in regards to nuclear power and developed early principles for computer technology.


== Early life and education ==
Butler was born on March 27, 1924 in Evansville, Indiana.


== Career ==
Butler began her career in 1944 working as a statistician at the Bureau of Labor Statistics. While she worked there, she also taught math at the United States Department of Agriculture Graduate School and took graduate courses related to sampling theory. About a year later, she joined the United States Army Air Forces and worked as a civilian in Germany. She returned to the United States after two years and began working in the Naval Reactors Division of Argonne National Laboratory as a junior mathematician. While working at Argonne, Butler made calculations for physicists creating a prototype for a submarine reactor and attended atomic physics and reactor design classes. In 1949, she worked at the Bureau of Labor Statistics in Minnesota but returned to Argonne National Laboratory in 1951. Following her return to Argonne, Butler became an assistant mathematician in the Reactor Engineering Division and worked on AVIDAC, an early computer. In the 1950s Butler wrote software, reactor applications, mathematical subroutines, and utilities for three other Argonne computers, the ORACLE, GEORGE, and UNIVAC. From the late 1950s to early 1960s she led Argonne's Applied Mathematics Division's Application Programming. While working in this department, Butler developed teams to fix program problems in reactors, biology, chemistry, physics, management, and high energy physics applications. In 1960, Butler worked with others to establish the Argonne Code Center, which later became the National Energy Software Center (NESC). Butler would later become director of the NESC from 1972–1991. In 1980, Butler was promoted to Senior Computer Scientist at Argonne. Butler officially retired in 1991, but continued to work at Argonne from 1993 to 2006 as a "special term appointee".


== Impact ==
During her time in Argonne, Butler was very supportive of her female coworkers. Women working at Argonne described her as a role model with a welcoming presence. According to Margaret's son Jay, she thought women were "given all the responsibilities and none of the authorities" and had to work "harder and smarter" yet were still not treated as individuals. When Butler rose in the ranks at Argonne, she made sure to hire women and recommend them for promotions. Margaret worked with other women to organize an Association for Women in Science in Chicago. While in AWIS, Margaret held executive board positions and led two conferences for high school students, teachers, and administration.


== References ==Jeffrey Peter Buzen (born May 28, 1943) is an American computer scientist in system performance analysis best known for his contributions to queueing theory. His 1971 doctoral thesis Computational algorithms for closed queueing networks with exponential servers
has guided the study of queueing network modeling.
Born in Brooklyn, to Native American parents without a tribe, Buzen received a B.Sc. in applied mathematics from Brown University (1965), and at Harvard University received a M.Sc. (1966) and Ph.D. (1971). He was a systems programmer at the NIH in Bethesda, MD (1967–69), studying the performance of realtime systems, which led to his first publication in a 1969 IEEE conference.  From 1971 to 1976, he held various appointments as a Lecturer in Computer Science at Harvard, and as a Systems Engineer at Honeywell.  Some of his students at Harvard have gone on to become well known figures in the computer industry. Robert M. Metcalfe co-invented Ethernet, John M. McQuillan developed routing algorithms used by ARPAnet, and Bill Gates co-founded Microsoft.
His career in computer performance analysis has included the creation of several fundamental mathematical models and analysis procedures used in operational research, and the development of tools based on these models and procedures.  With fellow Harvard applied mathematics Ph.D.s Robert Goldberg and Harold Schwenk he co-founded BGS Systems in 1976 to support and market these tools, serving as its vice president in charge of R&D until BGS Systems merged with BMC Software in 1998.
He has held leadership positions in various professional societies, including ACM Sigmetrics, the IFIP Working Group and the CMG (was President from 2000 to 2001). In 1979, he received CMG's A.A. Michelson award for technical excellence and professional contributions as a teacher and inspirer of others.  He also received the ACM SIGMETRICS Achievement Award in 2010.Buzen was elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering in 2003 for contributions to the theory and commercial application of computer system performance models.


== See also ==
Buzen's algorithm


== References ==


== External links ==
Short biography
List of publicationsMike Cafarella is a computer scientist specializing in database management systems. He is an associate professor of computer science at University of Michigan. Along with Doug Cutting, he is one of the original co-founders of the Hadoop and Nutch open-source projects. Cafarella was born in New York City but moved to Westwood, MA early in his childhood. After completing his bachelor's degree at Brown University, he earned a Ph.D. specializing in database management systems at the University of Washington under Dan Suciu and Oren Etzioni. He was also involved in several notable start-ups, including Tellme Networks, and co-founder of Lattice Data, which was acquired by Apple in 2017.


== Education ==
Ph.D., Computer Science, June 2009. University of Washington.
M.Sc., Computer Science, 2005. University of Washington.
M.Sc., Artificial Intelligence, 1997. University of Edinburgh.
B.S., Computer Science, 1996. Brown University.


== References ==


== External links ==
Personal web page
Michigan Database Group home pageJin-Yi Cai (Chinese: 蔡进一; born 1961) is a Chinese American mathematician and computer scientist. He is a professor of computer science, and also the Steenbock Professor of Mathematical Sciences at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. His research  is in theoretical computer science, especially computational complexity theory.   In recent years he has concentrated on the classification of computational counting problems, especially counting graph homomorphisms, counting constraint satisfaction problems, and Holant problems as related to holographic algorithms.


== Early life ==
Cai was born in Shanghai, China. He studied mathematics at Fudan University, graduating in 1981.
He earned a master's degree at Temple University in 1983, a second master's degree at Cornell University in 1985, and his Ph.D. from Cornell in 1986, with Juris Hartmanis as his doctoral advisor.


== Academic career ==
He became a faculty member at Yale University (1986-1989), 
Princeton University (1989-1993), and SUNY Buffalo (1993-2000), 
rising from Assistant Professor to Full Professor in 1996. 
He became a Professor of Computer Science at the University of Wisconsin-Madison in 2000.


== Awards ==
Cai was a Presidential Young Investigator, Sloan Research Fellow, and a Guggenheim Fellow. He received a Morningside Silver Medal, and a Humboldt Research Award for Senior U.S. Scientists. He was elected a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery (2001), American Association for the Advancement of Science (2007), and a foreign member of Academia Europaea (2017).
He was jointly awarded the Gödel Prize in 2021, an award in theoretical computer science for his work in the paper titled: Complexity of Counting CSP with Complex Weights. He was also awarded the Fulkerson Prize in Discrete Mathematics awarded by the American Mathematical Society and the Mathemtical Programming Society. 


== References ==Jon Callas is an American computer security expert, software engineer, user experience designer, and technologist who is the co-founder and former CTO of the global encrypted communications service Silent Circle. He has held major positions at Digital Equipment Corporation, Apple, PGP, and Entrust, and is considered "one of the most respected and well-known names in the mobile security industry." Callas is credited with creating several Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) standards, including OpenPGP, DKIM, and ZRTP, which he wrote. Prior to his work at Entrust, he was Chief Technical Officer and co-founder of PGP Corporation and the former Chief Technical Officer of Entrust.
On his website, Callas describes himself as "an entrepreneur and innovator in information and business security, including cryptography, operating system security, public key infrastructure, and intellectual property rights," as well as "an innovator in human-computer interactions, collaboration and social virtual reality."He has also worked for Bruce Schneier's Counterpane Internet Security, was one of the primary authors of the DKIM method, and was Chief Scientist of the original PGP, Inc. founded by Phil Zimmermann. Callas is a member of the Infosec think tank The Shmoo Group.


== Early life and education ==
Callas received a BSc in mathematics from the University of Maryland at College Park, which he attended from 1977 to 1980. He minored in philosophy and English literature.


== Career ==
He was a member of the technical staff at Century Computing from 1980 to 1981, then served as principal software engineer at Digital Equipment from 1981 to 1993.  While working there, he "got to work on a wide variety of things, from graphics to schedulers to memory management to operating system security," and created a random password generator. At Digital Equipment, he designed the PATHWORKS network operating system as well as software for Macintosh client systems and server systems running VMS or UNIX, and created cross-platform communications between computers running Mac OS, VMS, UNIX, Windows and OS/2, using AppleTalk, DECnet, and TCP/IP networks. He also developed software for 3D, PEX, and DDX for OpenVMS, OSF/1 and Windows NT.After Digital Equipment folded, Callas co-founded World Benders, Inc., where he worked from 1993 to 1995. At World Benders, he "was the lead architect and developer of Meeting Space, a cross-platform group collaboration product" that "allowed people to conduct meetings in real-time on existing networks."Callas then held the title of senior scientist II at Apple Computer from 1995 to 1997. He describes himself as having been the firm's Security Privateer, and as having "designed and built next-generation cryptographic security products for Mac OS X and iOS, including the 'FileVault 2' full-disk encryption product." He also "designed a concurrent programming system for high-performance computing, 'Transforms.'" In addition, he "led the engineering and approvals for a FIPS 140 validation of iOS." Callas was trusted with the security of Apple's operating system, and worked on Apple's Whole Disk Encryption. "That was the worst time to be working for Apple, the year before Steve Jobs came back," Callas has said.At Apple, he worked for Gursharan Sidhu, the inventor of AppleTalk. Callas "shipped the very first crypto built into an OS, called PowerTalk," which, he has said, "failed for being far too early," although he and his colleague Bruce Gaya managed to hack a piece of it, a password manager called The Keychain, "so that you could run it without the rest of PowerTalk, and thus rescued it from oblivion. The present Keychain on Apple products is completely and utterly rewritten, but I’m proud of saving it."He joined PGP, Inc. (developer of Pretty Good Privacy), in January 1997 as chief scientist. Network Associates (NAI) bought PGP in December 1997, and Callas became CTO for the Total Network Security Division of NAI, creating "architecture and direction for the company's network security products" and serving as "the primary author of the IETF's OpenPGP standard."He was director of software engineering at Counterpane from 1999 to 2001, serving as "co-architect of Counterpane's Managed Security Monitoring system – a redundant system with adaptive fail-over that monitors networks on three continents." He also "led the engineering team that built the system, taking it from prototype to operational in four months," and "managed Counterpane's export control process, getting approval for the system, including fifteen new ciphers." As Senior Architect at Wave Systems Corporation from 2001 to 2002, he was the lead architect for Wave's EMBASSY Trust System, on which he performed security analysis and created product security subsystems.
He then co-founded the new PGP Corporation in 2002. He worked as a server architect at PGP from July 2002 to October 2009, and during his time at the company was the principal author of the IETF OpenPGP standard, now RFC2440,  and developed the PGP (Pretty Good Privacy) Universal Server.
He was security privateer at I Could Tell You But Then I'd Have To Kill You and Associates from October 2009 to July 2011. He was chief technical officer at Entrust, a provider of identity-based security software, from July 2011 to January 2013.He co-founded Silent Circle in 2012 and Blackphone in 2013, and continued to serve as CTO of Silent Circle until April 2016, where he led the development and operations groups, the former of which "produces the apps that manifest Silent Circle's services to its subscribers" and the latter of which "runs the actual services themselves."Callas holds patents, or has patents pending, on several systems and methods for erasing media, facilitating secure media access, for secure and transparent electronic communications, for dynamic security operations, for partial message authentication, and for facilitating encryption and decryption operations over an email server.Callas's security product designs have won major innovation awards from The Wall Street Journal and others. He is one of the primary authors of the DKIM method and a member of the Infosec think tank The Shmoo Group. He has served as Adjunct Professor at Indiana University since 2012.Callas  lectured widely about computers and Internet security, and was scheduled to be a speaker at the Oslo Freedom Forum in 2014. Callas was selected to be one of two keynote speakers at the 2015 PDF Technical Conference in San Jose, California.By May 2016 Callas rejoined Apple.Callas appeared on the January 11, 2018 episode of John Wants Answers.


== Views ==
Callas has stated that tech companies are a bigger threat to privacy than the government. His views stem from big tech's mass pooling of personal data for advertising and the polarization within Silicon Valley. While some companies are committed to privacy, many more earn their revenues from selling user data. Callas has stated that if the advertising market takes a downturn, companies that protect their users' data are the most insulated from harm.


== Personal life ==
He lives in San Jose, California.


== References ==


== External links ==
Jon Callas on Twitter
Résumé to 2008
silentcircle.comTracy Kay Camp (born September 27, 1964) is an American computer scientist noted for her research on wireless networking. She is also noted for her leadership in broadening participation in computing. She was the co-chair of CRA-W from 2011 to 2014 and she was
the co-chair of ACM-W from 1998 to 2002.


== Biography ==
Camp received a B.A. in Mathematics from Kalamazoo College in 1987. She received a M.S. in Computer Science from Michigan State University in 1989 and a Ph.D in Computer Science from  The College of William & Mary in 1993.She then joined the Department of Computer Science at the University of Alabama as an assistant professor in 1993. In 1998 she moved to the Colorado School of Mines as an assistant professor, and was then promoted 
to associate professor in 2000 and to professor in 2007. 
In 2010–11, she was interim head of Mathematical and Computer Sciences and then 
interim head of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science. In this role, she helped lead this re-organization of the university. She is currently Head of the Department of Computer Science at Colorado School of Mines.


== Awards ==
In 2012 she 
was named an ACM Fellow.
Her other notable awards include:

ACM Fellow (2012)
IEEE Fellow (2016)


== References ==


== External links ==
Colorado School of Mines: Tracy Kay Camp, Department of Computer ScienceMurray Campbell is a Canadian computer scientist known for being part of the team that created Deep Blue; the first computer to defeat a world chess champion.


== Biography ==
Campbell was involved in surveillance projects related to petroleum production, disease outbreak, and financial data. In earlier work, Campbell was a member of the teams that developed chess machines: HiTech and a project to culminate in Deep Blue, the latter being the first computer to defeat the reigning world chess champion, Garry Kasparov, in a challenge match, in 1997. Kasparov had won an earlier match the previous year. (Based on text taken from a newsletter by Mike Oettel, of the Shriver Center at UMBC.)
Campbell visited UMBC for a speech called "IBM's Deep Blue: Ten Years After" on February 5, 2007. In the University Center building, he presented the background that led up to the decisive match with Kasparov, reviewed the match itself (with Kasparov and similar matches), and explored some of the design decisions that were made when building Deep Blue.  Murray put emphasis on some of the broader implications of Deep Blue's development and victory on the information technology industry and artificial intelligence.
He is a Senior Manager in the Business Analytics and Mathematical Sciences Department at the IBM Thomas J. Watson Research Center in Yorktown Heights, New York, USA. The mission of the Services Modeling group is to apply technical expertise in areas such as optimization, forecasting, probabilistic analysis. The focus is in the area of Business Analytics and Workforce Management. Solutions are developed that include services project management, skill analytics, demand forecasting, workplace learning, workforce optimization, and strategic planning. 


== Personal life ==
Campbell himself played chess at near National Master strength in Canada during his student days, but has not played competitively for more than 20 years.  His peak Elo rating was around 2200.


== Honors and awards ==
North American Computer Chess Championship:  Member of winning teams in 1985 (HiTech), 1987 (ChipTest), 1988 (Deep Thought), 1989 (HiTech and Deep Thought), 1990 (Deep Thought), 1991 (Deep Thought) and 1994 (Deep Thought).1989 World Computer Chess Championship, winning team (Deep Thought)Campbell shared the $100,000 Fredkin Prize with Feng-hsiung Hsu and A. Joseph Hoane Jr. in 1997.  The prize was awarded for developing the first computer (Deep Blue) to defeat a reigning world chess champion in a match.Campbell received the Allen Newell Research Excellence Medal in 1997, citing his contributions to Deep Blue (first computer to defeat a world chess champion), Deep Thought (first Grandmaster level computer) and HiTech (first Senior Master level computer).Campbell was elected Fellow of the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence in 2012 for "significant contributions to computer game-playing, especially chess, and the associated improvement in public awareness of the AI endeavor."


== References ==


== External links ==
Home page at IBM ResearchBryan M. Cantrill (born 1973) is an American software engineer who worked at Sun Microsystems and later at Oracle Corporation following its acquisition of Sun. He left Oracle on July 25, 2010 to become the Vice President of Engineering at Joyent, transitioning to Chief Technology Officer at Joyent in April 2014, until his departure on July 31 of 2019. He is now the CTO of Oxide Computer company


== Professional life ==
Cantrill was born in Vermont, later moving to Colorado, where he attained the rank of Eagle Scout. He studied computer science at Brown University, spending two summers at QNX Software Systems doing kernel development. Upon completing his B.Sc. in 1996, he immediately joined Sun Microsystems to work with Jeff Bonwick in the Solaris Performance Group.
In 2005 Bryan Cantrill was named one of the 35 Top Young Innovators by Technology Review, MIT's magazine. Cantrill was included in the TR35 list for his development of DTrace, a function of the OS Solaris 10 that provides a non-invasive means for real-time tracing and diagnosis of software. Sun technologies and technologists, including DTrace and Cantrill, also received an InfoWorld Innovators Award that year. In 2006, "The DTrace trouble-shooting software from Sun was chosen as the Gold winner in The Wall Street Journal's 2006 Technology Innovation Awards contest." In 2008, Cantrill, Mike Shapiro and Adam Leventhal were recognized with the USENIX Software Tools User Group (STUG) award for "the provision of a significant enabling technology."Together with Shapiro and Leventhal, Cantrill founded Fishworks, a stealth project within Sun Microsystems which produced the Sun Storage 7000 Unified Storage Systems.
He left Oracle on July 25, 2010 to become the Vice President of Engineering at Joyent. He announced his transition to being Chief Technology Officer at Joyent in April 2014, and held that position until announcing his departure as of July 31 of 2019. He is now the CTO of Oxide Computer companyHe was a member of the ACM Queue Editorial Board.


== Controversies and opinions ==
During an online technical discussion of Solaris with Linux kernel developer David S. Miller in 1996, Cantrill responded to Miller's lengthy comment with a one-line reply, "Have you ever kissed a girl?"  In 2015, during a discussion concerning Ben Noordhuis's departure from the Node.js project, Cantrill said that the 1996 comment continues to be cited, decades later, and wrote about his regrets in sending the response, which he called "stupid".After Cantrill left Oracle in 2010 he compared the company's behavior to the Nazis'.Cantrill announced at FISL 2012 his strong preference for permissive open source software licenses over copyleft licenses by calling the copyleft GPL license family "anti-collaborative" and "viral."


== Articles ==
Bryan Cantrill (2006-02-01). "Hidden in Plain Sight". ACM Queue. 4 (1): 26–36. doi:10.1145/1117389.1117401. Retrieved 2012-02-01.
Bryan Cantrill, Jeff Bonwick (2008-09-01). "Real-World Concurrency". ACM Queue. 6 (5): 16. doi:10.1145/1454456.1454462. Retrieved 2012-02-01.
Bryan M. Cantrill, Michael W. Shapiro and Adam H. Leventhal (2004-06-10). "Dynamic Instrumentation of Production Systems". Proceedings of the 2004 USENIX Annual Technical Conference. Retrieved 2012-02-01.
Bryan M. Cantrill, Thomas W. Doeppner (1996-08-15). "ThreadMon: A Tool for Monitoring Multithreaded Program Performance". 30th Hawaii International Conference on System Sciences (HICSS) Volume 1: Software Technology and Architecture. Retrieved 2012-02-01.


== References ==


== External links ==
"Bryan Cantrill's blog".
"DTrace Review". Google Tech Talks. 2007-08-15. Archived from the original on 2021-12-21.Jaime Guillermo Carbonell (July 29, 1953 – February 28, 2020) was a computer scientist who made seminal contributions to the development of natural language processing tools and technologies. His extensive research in machine translation resulted in the development of several state-of-the-art language translation and artificial intelligence systems. He earned his B.S. degrees in Physics and in Mathematics from MIT in 1975 and did his Ph.D. under Dr. Roger Schank at Yale University in 1979. He joined Carnegie Mellon University as an assistant professor of computer science in 1979 and lived in Pittsburgh from then. He was affiliated with the Language Technologies Institute, Computer Science Department, Machine Learning Department, and Computational Biology Department at Carnegie Mellon.His interests spanned several areas of artificial intelligence, language technologies and machine learning. In particular, his research focused on areas such as text mining (extraction, categorization, novelty detection) and in new theoretical frameworks such as a unified utility-based theory bridging information retrieval, summarization, free-text question-answering and related tasks.  He also worked on machine translation, both high-accuracy knowledge-based MT and machine learning for corpus-based MT (such as generalized example-based MT).


== Career ==
Carbonell was the Allen Newell Professor of Computer Science and head of the Language Technologies Institute at Carnegie Mellon University. He joined Carnegie Mellon in 1979 and became a key faculty member in the artificial intelligence area. He was appointed full professor in 1987, Newell Chair in 1995, and University Professor in 2012.
He did his undergraduate studies at MIT, getting dual degrees in Mathematics and Physics. He received his Ph.D. in Computer Science from Yale University in 1979.
At the time of his appointment, Carbonell was the youngest chaired professor in the School of Computer Science at CMU. He was considered creative, insightful, and highly productive as a researcher. His research spanned several areas of computer science, mostly in artificial intelligence, including: machine learning, data and text mining, natural language processing, very-large-scale knowledge bases, translingual information retrieval and automated summarization. He wrote more than 300 technical papers and gave over 500 invited or refereed-paper presentations (colloquia, seminars, panels, conferences, keynotes, etc.). He died following a long illness on February 28, 2020.


== Research ==
Some of Carbonell's major scientific accomplishments included the creation of MMR (maximal marginal relevance) technology for text summarization and informational novelty detection in search engines, invention of transformational analogy, a generalized method for case-based reasoning (CBR) to re-use, modify and compose past successful plans for increasingly complex problems and Knowledge-based interlingual machine translation. He was instrumental in setting up the Computational Biolinguistics Program, a joint venture between Carnegie Mellon and the University of Pittsburgh, which combines Language Technologies and Machine Learning to model and predict genomic, proteomic and glycomic 3D structures.
Carbonell was particularly well known in machine learning. He organized the first four machine learning conferences, starting with CMU in 1981. The Language Technologies Institute (LTI), founded and directed by Carbonell, achieved top honors in multiple areas. These areas include machine translation, search engines (including founding of Lycos by Michael Mauldin, one of Carbonell’s PhD students), speech synthesis, and  education. LTI remains the original, largest and best-known institute for language technologies, with over $12M in annual funding and 200 researchers (faculty, staff, PhD students, MS students, visiting scholars etc.).
Carbonell made major technical contributions in several fields, including (1) Creation of MMR
(maximal marginal relevance) technology for text summarization and informational novelty detection in
search engines,(2) Proactive machine learning for multi-source cost-sensitive active learning, (3) Linked
conditional random fields for predicting tertiary and quaternary protein folds, (4) Symmetric optimal
phrasal alignment method for trainable example-based and statistical machine translation, (5) Series-
anomaly modeling for financial fraud detection and syndromic surveillance, (6) Knowledge-based
interlingual machine translation, (7) Robust case-frame parsing, (8) Seeded version-space learning and
(9) Invention of transformational and derivational analogy, generalized methods for case-based reasoning
(CBR) to re-use, modify and compose past successful plans for increasingly complex problems. 
The teams led by Carbonell achieved top honors in many areas such as first scalable high-accuracy
interlingual machine translation (1991), first speech-to-speech machine translation (1992), first large-scale
spider and search engine (1994), and first trainable, large-scale protein-structure topology predictor
(2005). Modern machine learning, co-founded by Carbonell, Michalski and Mitchell, is a fundamental
enabling technology in search engines, data mining and social networking. Starting in 1980, he co-edited
the first three books on ML, launched the ML conferences and was a co-founder and editor-in-chief of ML
Journal. Carbonell’s innovations have led to several successful start-ups: Carnegie Group (AI expertsystems),
Lycos (web search), Wisdom (financial optimization & ML), Carnegie Speech (spoken-language
tutoring), Dynamix (data mining and pattern discovery), and Meaningful Machines (context-based machine
translation). Carbonell was the founding director of The Language Technology Institute, the preeminent
global institution in language studies, unparalleled in size and scope and has since been
adopted/imitated in Germany (DFKI), Japan (Tokyo Univ.), and the US (Johns Hopkins).


== Awards and honors ==
Okawa Prize, 2015
Best paper award, “Translingual Search” w/Yang, International Joint Conference on AI, 1997
Allen Newell endowed chair, Carnegie Mellon University, 1995
Elected fellow of AAAI, circa 1990
Computer Science teaching award, Carnegie Mellon University, 1987
Sperry Fellowship for excellence in AI research, 1986
Herbert Simon teaching award, 1986
"Recognition of Service" award from the ACM for the SIGART presidency, 1983–1985
Provided congressional testimony on machine translation, 1990


== Selected works ==


=== Books ===
1983. (with Ryszard S. Michalski & Tom M. Mitchell, Eds.)  Machine learning: An artificial intelligence approach. Los Altos, CA: Morgan Kaufmann.
1986. (with Ryszard S. Michalski & Tom Mitchell, Eds.) Machine learning: An artificial intelligence approach. Vol. II. Los Altos, CA: Morgan-Kaufmann.
1986. (with Ryszard S. Michalski & Tom Mitchell, Eds.) Machine Learning: A Guide to Current Research. Kluwer Academic Publishers.


== Contributions ==
“Protein Quaternary Fold Recognition Using Conditional Graphical Models” IJCAI 2007 (w/Liu et al.)
“Context-Based Machine Translation” AMTA 2006 (w/Klein et al.)
“SCRFs: A New Approach for Protein Fold Recognition,’’ Journal of Computational Biology, 13,2, 2006 (w/Liu et al)
“MT for Resource-Poor Languages Using Elicitation-Based Learning” Machine Translation, 2004
‘‘Learning Approaches for Detecting and Tracking News Events,’’ IEEE Trans I.S., 14, 4, 2000 (w/Yang)


== References ==


== External links ==
Home Page
List of publicationsMihaela Cardei is a Romanian-American computer scientist known for her research on wireless ad hoc networks. She is a professor in the Department of Computer and Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at Florida Atlantic University, where she is also associate dean for graduate studies.


== Education and career ==
Cardei earned bachelor's and master's degrees in computer science in 1995 and 1996, respectively, at the Politehnica University of Bucharest. She completed her Ph.D. in 2003 at the University of Minnesota, under the supervision of Ding-Zhu Du.She joined Florida Atlantic University as an assistant professor in 2003, was promoted to professor in 2014, and became associate dean in 2018.


== Recognition ==
Florida Atlantic University named Cardei their researcher of the year at the assistant professor level for 2006–2007.


== References ==


== External links ==
Home page
Mihaela Cardei publications indexed by Google ScholarClaire Cardie is an American computer scientist specializing in natural language processing. Since 2006, she has been a professor of computer science and information science at Cornell University, and from 2010 to 2011 she was the first Charles and Barbara Weiss Chair of Information Science at Cornell. Her research interests include coreference resolution and sentiment analysis.


== Education and career ==
Cardie is a 1982 graduate of Yale University, majoring in computer science. After working for several companies as a computer programmer, she returned to graduate study in the late 1980s and completed her Ph.D. at the University of Massachusetts Amherst in 1994. Her dissertation, Domain-Specific Knowledge Acquisition for Conceptual Sentence Analysis, was supervised by Wendy Lehnert.She has been on the Cornell University faculty since 1994, initially in computer science and since 2005 also in information science. She was an assistant professor (1994–2000) and associate professor (2000–06), before being promoted to a full professorship in 2006. In 2007 she founded a start-up company, Appinions, and she was its chief scientist until 2015. Her doctoral students at Cornell have included Amit Singhal.


== Recognition ==
Cardie became a Fellow of the Association for Computational Linguistics in 2016. She was elected as an ACM Fellow in 2019 "for contributions to natural language processing, including coreference resolution, information and opinion extraction". She was named to the 2021 class of Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science.


== References ==


== External links ==
Home page
Claire Cardie publications indexed by Google ScholarMichael J. Carey is an American computer scientist. He currently serves as Bren Professor of Information and Computer Science in the Donald Bren School at the University of California, Irvine.


== Education ==
Carey earned his Ph.D. in Computer Science from the University of California at Berkeley in 1983. He also holds a M.S. in Electrical Engineering (Computer Engineering) from Carnegie-Mellon University (earned 1981) and a B.S. (University Honors) in Electrical Engineering and Mathematics from Carnegie-Mellon University (earned 1979).


== Life and career ==
From 1983 to 1995, Carey taught in the Computer Sciences Department at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. After which, he worked as Research Staff Member/Manager at IBM Almaden Research Center in San Jose, California.Carey was elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering in 2002 for contributions to the design, implementation, and evaluation of database systems.
He has been a Donald Bren Professor of Computer and Information Sciences in the Department of Computer Science at the University of California, Irvine since 2008.
Since 2015 Carey has served as a Consulting Chief Architect at Couchbase, Inc.
Carey has published over 200 research papers, journal articles, book chapters and other publications that primarily focus on Big Data management, database management systems, information integration, middleware, parallel and distributed systems, and computer system performance evaluation


== Awards and honors ==
Fellow, Institute for Electrical and Electronic Engineers (IEEE), 2017
IEEE TCDE Computer Science, Engineering, and Education (CSEE) Impact Award, 2016.
Chancellor's Award for Excellence in Fostering Undergraduate Research, UC Irvine, 2010.
ACM SIGMOD Edgar F. Codd Innovations Award, 2005.
Test of Time Paper Award, ACM SIGMOD Conference, 2004.
Member, National Academy of Engineering, 2002.
Distinguished Alumnus Award, EECS Department, UC Berkeley, 2002.
Fellow, Association for Computing Machinery (ACM), 2000.


== Patents ==
Carey holds 11 patents in the United States.


== References ==Shawn Carpenter is an American Navy veteran and whistleblower (previously employed by Sandia National Laboratories) who tracked down a Chinese cyberespionage ring that is code-named Titan Rain by the FBI. He came to national attention when his story was reported on in the September 5, 2005 issue of Time magazine.
Carpenter was an employee of Sandia National Laboratories, investigating security breaches in its networks. However, upon tracking several breaches of Sandia, Lockheed Martin Corporation, Redstone Arsenal, and even NASA, dating back to 2003, Carpenter noticed patterns that began to appear to link the attacks to a single group. He was impressed by the meticulous, voracious and incredibly fast manner (sometimes completed in less than 30 minutes) in which the hackers operated. Such observations led him to alert the federal government of his findings.
The Titan Rain hacking operation was first reported in an August 25, 2005 Washington Post article by Bradley Graham, which didn't mention Carpenter. Graham listed anonymous governmental officials as his sources.
After informing his supervisors of the breaches, he was told that his only concern should be Sandia computers, and to drop the issue.  His employment was later terminated when Carpenter disobeyed his management and communicated the information about the security breaches first to United States Army Cyber Counterintelligence Special Agents, who verified his information and later brought in the FBI.  The FBI requested a Senior DAC Counterintelligence agent known in the counterintelligence community by the nickname "Doc" to handle Carpenter and lead the operation on behalf of the FBI.  Carpenter was a confidential informant for the FBI for almost half a year before Sandia discovered his actions. Carpenter reportedly felt betrayed by the termination, as he viewed his actions were a service to his country, similar to that of his previous military service.
According to Carpenter, during his termination hearing at Sandia, Bruce Held, Sandia's chief of counterintelligence, yelled "[you're] lucky you have such understanding management... if you worked for me, I would decapitate you! There would at least be blood all over the office!" During the subsequent court case, Held testified that he did use the word "decapitate" and, while he did not recall using the word "blood," would not contest it. He also apologized.Carpenter sued Sandia National Laboratories for wrongful termination and defamation; a jury awarded him almost $4.7 million in compensatory and punitive damages on February 13, 2007.  The jury more than doubled the punitive damages requested by Carpenter's attorneys Thad Guyer, Stephani Ayers and Philip Davis. The 13-person New Mexico state district court jury determined that Sandia's handling of Shawn Carpenter's termination was "malicious, willful, reckless, wanton, fraudulent or in bad faith." Juror Ed Dzienis said that, "If they (Sandia) have an interest in protecting us, they certainly didn't show it with the way they handled Shawn."  Ms. Alex Scott, the jury forewoman, said jurors were upset by the lack of documentation of the process and by the "reckless behavior on the part of Sandia to not have adequate policies in place for employees about hacking, and the cavalier attitude about national security and global security."
Carpenter's wife, Dr. Jennifer Jacobs, testified at the trial. Dr. Jacobs, a former Sandia scientist, nuclear engineer, West Point graduate, and Army Reserve Major, said Sandia management questioned her loyalty to the company after her husband was fired. Dr. Jacobs left Sandia and was later appointed as a White House Fellow, and was a director at the United States National Security Council. In an interview with the Albuquerque Journal, Dr. Jacobs stated, "The point for us all along was this is bad for the country to have contractors like Sandia Corporation behaving this way -- with impunity. And if other citizens don't do this, it's the beginning of the end for our country. That's what we kept coming back to: This is what we have to do, because it's what we expect of others."
Sandia Corporation, the private entity that manages Sandia National Laboratories on behalf of the National Nuclear Security Administration, the Department of Energy and Federal Government of the United States, was a wholly owned subsidiary of the for-profit Lockheed Martin Corporation.
In an ironic twist, Carpenter testified at trial that he found hundreds of pages of detailed schematics and other sensitive documents labeled, "Lockheed Martin Proprietary Information" and "Export Controlled" regarding the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter stashed on a foreign server in South Korea. He was helping the FBI investigate the stolen Lockheed Martin information along with hundreds of other network breaches at military and United States defense contractors when Sandia officials fired him.
As of March 2007, Carpenter is employed at NetWitness Corporation, a startup headed by Amit Yoran, former director of the National Cyber Security Division within the United States Department of Homeland Security.
In March 2007, Sandia National Laboratories retained three additional attorneys at the international corporate defense firm of Baker Botts. In post-trial motions, Sandia attorneys unsuccessfully argued to throw out the jury verdict, to reduce the judgment to zero, and for a new trial. Carpenter's attorneys successfully argued a motion for post-judgment interest and Sandia was ordered to pay an interest rate of 15% per year on the final judgment of $4,742,146.66 (plus attorney fees) during the appeals process.
In April 2007, Sandia attorneys filed a motion to appeal the jury verdict. Sandia National Laboratories posted a $5.8 million supersedeas bond to prevent Carpenter from seizing Sandia assets during the appeals process. Interest in the amount of almost $60,000 a month accumulates while Sandia pursues their appeals. According to news reports, Sandia plans to appeal to the New Mexico Supreme Court, if necessary, which could take years.
On October 14, 2007, The Albuquerque Journal published a story ("Analyst, Sandia Settle Suit") that stated that Sandia had dropped its appeal of the verdict. According to the story, the judgment had been accumulating 15 percent interest since the verdict in his favor in February 2007. The piece also related that Carpenter continues to work in the national security area for clients in the intelligence community, federal agencies and the military.


== See also ==
Timeline of Cox Report controversy
Cyber-warfare
National Security Whistleblowers Coalition


== References ==


== External links ==
ABC News (February 19, 2013) article "Report Fingers Chinese Military Unit in US Hack Attacks"
TIME Magazine (September 5, 2005 issue) article "The Invasion Of The Chinese Cyberspies (And the Man Who Tried to Stop Them)"
TIME Magazine online (August 25, 2005) article "Inside the Chinese Hack Attack"
Albuquerque Journal (September 15, 2005) "Battle Against Hackers Costs Employee Job"
Albuquerque Journal (February 14, 2007) article "Sandia Hacker Gets $4 Million: Analyst Fired For FBI Contact"
Computerworld (February 26, 2007) article "Q&A: Reverse Hacker Describes Ordeal"
The New York Times (December 9, 2007) article "China Link Suspected in Lab Hacking"
SecurityFocus (December 10, 2007) article "National Labs Hit With Targeted Attacks"
ABC News (February 26, 2007) report "Jury Slaps Defense Giant for Neglecting National Security"
TIME Magazine online (February 14, 2007) article "A Security Analyst Wins Big in Court"
Congressional correspondence: Management cover-ups and malfeasance at Sandia (December 4, 2005) blog "LANL: The Real Story"
The Register (February 16, 2007) article "Employee Fired For Probing Bad Guys Awarded $4.7M"
Project on Government Oversight (POGO) (March 1, 2007) article "Cyber-security at Risk"
Los Angeles Times (March 4, 2008) article "China's Computer Hacking Worries Pentagon"
Computerworld (April 17, 2007) article "Reverse Hacker Case Gets Costlier for Sandia Labs"
Computerworld (October 20, 2005) article "Guard Against Titan Rain Hackers"
Searchsecurity.com (September 22, 2005) article "The Case of Shawn Carpenter: A Cautionary Tale"
The Washington Times (July 26, 2007) article "FBI Calls Chinese Espionage 'Substantial'"
New Mexico State Judiciary Case Lookup System database "Carpenter vs. Sandia"William "Bill" N. Carrico Jr. (born February 12, 1950) is a computer scientist and has founded several technology companies in the Silicon Valley area. He has been president and CEO of 3Com Corporation, senior vice president of Cisco Systems, and chairman of Packet Design LLC.


== Education and personal life ==
Carrico graduated from Santa Clara University in 1972 with a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering (BSEE).


== Career ==
Carrico worked for Fairchild Semiconductor and Zilog. He and Judith Estrin co-founded Bridge Communications in 1981, which merged with 3Com in 1987. The couple joined Network Computing Devices in 1988. Carrico and Estrin also co-founded Precept Software in 1995 (acquired by Cisco Systems in 1998) and Packet Design LLC in 2000.


== References ==Doris Loveday Carver (born 1946) is an American computer scientist and software engineer at Louisiana State University, where she is Dow Chemical Distinguished Professor of Computer Science and Engineering, and director of the Software Engineering Laboratory. She is the former president of the IEEE Computer Society and editor-in-chief of IEEE Computer.


== Education and career ==
Carver is a graduate of Carson–Newman College. She earned a master's degree in mathematics at the University of Tennessee in 1969, and entered doctoral study at Texas A&M University in the late 1970s, initially in mathematics, but quickly switching to computer science after taking a course in the subject. She completed her Ph.D. in computer science there in 1981, with the dissertation The effects of complexity on COBOL program changes.After completing her doctorate, she joined the faculty at Southeastern Louisiana University before moving to Louisiana State University in 1986. At Louisiana State, she has been Interim Dean of the Graduate School, Senior Associate Vice Chancellor of Research and Economic Development, and Interim Vice Chancellor of Research and Economic Development. She has also gone on leave from her faculty position to work as a program officer for the National Science Foundation.She was president of the IEEE Computer Society in 1998, and later became editor-in-chief of IEEE Computer.


== Recognition ==
Carver was named a Fellow of the IEEE in 1998, "for contributions to the field of software engineering". She became a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in 2002. In 2004, the IEEE Computer Society gave her their Richard E. Merwin Award for Distinguished Service.


== References ==


== External links ==
Home pageCharlie Catlett (born 1960) is a Senior Research Scientist at the University of Illinois Discovery Partners Institute and a Visiting Senior Fellow at the Mansueto Institute for Urban Dynamics at the University of Chicago.  He was previously a Senior Computer Scientist at Argonne National Laboratory and a Senior Fellow in the Computation Institute, a joint institute of Argonne National Laboratory and The University of Chicago, and a Senior Fellow at the University of Chicago's Harris School of Public Policy.


== Research ==
Catlett's research focuses on novel scientific measurement strategies involving "edge" computing, embedding high-performance computation with sensor packages, to create "software-defined" sensors, developing cyberinfrastructure in projects such as the NSF-funded SAGE: A Software-Defined Sensor Network project.  At UChicago, Catlett founded the Urban Center for Computation and Data (UrbanCCD), which brings scientists from mathematics and computing together with social, behavioral, economic, policy, education, and health scientists to better understand cities.  Major UrbanCCD initiatives include making urban data discoverable and explorable through platforms such as Plenario and OpenGrid and developing technologies for instrumenting cities through projects such as the Array of Things.
From 2007-2011 he was Chief Information Officer and director of the Computing and Information Systems Division at Argonne National Laboratory. From 2004-2007 he was Director of the TeraGrid Project.Prior to joining Argonne in 2000, Catlett was Chief Technology Officer at the National Center for Supercomputing Applications (NCSA). He was part of the original team that established NCSA in 1985 and his early work there included participation on the team that deployed and managed the NSFNet. In the early 1990s Catlett participated in the DARPA/NSF Gigabit Testbeds Initiative, coordinated by the Corporation for National Research Initiatives.
Catlett was the founding chair of the Global Grid Forum (GGF, now Open Grid Forum) from 1999 through 2004.  During this same period he designed and deployed one of the first regional optical networks dedicated to academic and research use - I-WIRE, funded by the State of Illinois.
He has been involved in Grid (distributed) computing since the early 1990s, when he co-authored (with Larry Smarr) a seminal paper "Metacomputing" in the Communications of the ACM, which outlined many of the high-level goals of what is today called Grid computing.


== Selected publications ==
"Measuring Cities with Software-Defined Sensors," Charlie Catlett, Pete Beckman, Nicola Ferrier, Howard Nusbaum, Michael E. Papka, Marc G. Berman, Journal of Social Computing, Volume 1, Issue 1, September 2020.
"Software-Defined Sensors: using Edge Computing to Revolutionize Sensing," Charlie Catlett, Pete Beckman, Rajesh Sankaran, Nicola Ferrier, Songha Kim, Yeongho Park, American Geophysical Union, Fall Meeting 2019, abstract #IN34A-01.
"Array of Things: a scientific research instrument in the public way: platform design and early lessons learned," Charlie Catlett, Pete Beckman, Rajesh Sankaran, Kate Kusiak Galvin, SCOPE'17: Proceedings of the 2nd International Workshop on Science of Smart City Operations and Platforms Engineering, April 2017.
"A Report to the President: Technology and the Future of Cities," President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology, February 2016.
"Plenario: An Open Data Discovery and Exploration Platform for Urban Science," Charlie Catlett, Tanu Malika, Brett Goldstein, Jonathan Giuffrida, Yetong Shaoa, Alessandro Panella, Derek Eder, Eric van Zanten, Robert Mitchum, Severin Thalerc, Ian Foster, IEEE Computer Society Bulletin of the Technical Committee on Data Engineering, December 2014, Vol. 37 No. 4
"A Scientific Research and Development Approach to Cyber Security," Charlie Catlett, Editor, A report presented to the Department of Energy Office of Science, December 2008.
"TeraGrid: Analysis of Organization, System Architecture, and Middleware Enabling New Types of Applications," Charlie Catlett et al., HPC and Grids in Action, ed. Lucio Grandinetti, IOS Press Advances in Parallel Computing series, Amsterdam, 2008.
"Creating and Operating National-Scale Cyberinfrastructure Services", CTWatch Quarterly, Charlie Catlett, Pete Beckman, Dane Skow, and Ian Foster, vol. 2, no. 2, May 2006.
Witness Testimony, U.S. House Committee on Energy and Commerce, May 2004.
"Global Grid Forum Documents and Recommendations: Process and Requirements (GFD.1)", Global Grid Forum Document Series, June 2001.
"Standards for Grid Computing: Global Grid Forum", Journal of Grid Computing, Vol. 1, May 2003.
"Testbeds: From Research to Infrastructure", Charlie Catlett and John Toole,  in "The Grid: Blueprint for a New Computing Infrastructure," Ian Foster and Carl Kesselman, ed., Morgan Kaufmann, August 1998.
Reed, D. A.; Giles, R. C.; Catlett, C. E. (1997). "Distributed data and immersive collaboration". Communications of the ACM. 40 (11): 38. doi:10.1145/265684.265691. S2CID 18151101.
Stevens, R.; Woodward, P.; Defanti, T.; Catlett, C. (1997). "From the I-WAY to the National Technology Grid". Communications of the ACM. 40 (11): 50. doi:10.1145/265684.265692. S2CID 16403107.
"Catlett, C. E. (1992). "In search of gigabit applications". IEEE Communications Magazine. 30 (4): 42–51. doi:10.1109/35.135788. S2CID 21808434.Winner, IEEE Communications Society Fred W. Ellersick Prize 1992
"Balancing Resources", IEEE Spectrum Magazine, September 1992.
"Metacomputing," Larry Smarr and Charlie Catlett, Communications of the ACM, Vol. 35, No. 6, June 1992.
"Internet Evolution and Future Directions", in Internet System Handbook, Dan Lynch and Marshall T. Rose, ed. Addison-Wesley, 1992.


== References ==


== External links ==
website
Argonne website
Twitter
On the lighter side: musical performanceEdwin Earl "Ed" Catmull (born March 31, 1945) is an American computer scientist who is the co-founder of Pixar and was the President of Walt Disney Animation Studios. He has been honored for his contributions to 3D computer graphics, including the 2019 ACM Turing Award. 


== Early life ==
Edwin Catmull was born on March 31, 1945, in Parkersburg, West Virginia. His family later moved to Salt Lake City, Utah, where his father first served as principal of Granite High School and then of Taylorsville High School.Early in life, Catmull found inspiration in Disney movies, including Peter Pan and Pinocchio, and wanted to be an animator. But after finishing high school he had no idea how to get there because back then there were no animation schools. Because he also liked math and physics, he chose a scientific career instead. He also made animation using flip-books. Catmull graduated in 1969, with a B.S. in physics and computer science from the University of Utah. Initially interested in designing programming languages, Catmull encountered Ivan Sutherland, who had designed the computer drawing program Sketchpad, and changedhis interest to digital imaging. As a student of Sutherland, he was part of the university's ARPA program, sharing classes with James H. Clark, John Warnock and Alan Kay.From that point, his main goal and ambition were to make digitally realistic films. During his time at the university, he made two new fundamental computer-graphics discoveries: texture mapping and bicubic patches; and invented algorithms for spatial anti-aliasing and refining subdivision surfaces. Catmull says the idea for subdivision surfaces came from abstract structures in his mind when he applied B-splines to non-four sided objects, something he attributes to his aphantasia. He also independently discovered Z-buffering,, which had been described, 8 months before, by Wolfgang Straßer in his PhD thesis.In 1972, Catmull made his earliest contribution to the film industry: an animated version of his left hand which was eventually picked up by a Hollywood producer and incorporated in the 1976 movie Futureworld, the first film to use 3D computer graphics and a science-fiction sequel to the 1973 film Westworld, which was the first to use a pixelated image generated by a computer. The one-minute sequence was created with Fred Parke at the University of Utah. Titled A Computer Animated Hand, the short film was selected for preservation in the National Film Registry of the Library of Congress in December 2011.


== Career ==


=== Early career ===
In 1974, Catmull earned his doctorate in computer science, was hired by a company called Applicon, and by November the same year had been contacted by the founder of the New York Institute of Technology, Alexander Schure, who offered him the position as the director of the new Computer Graphics Lab at NYIT. In that position in 1977 he invented Tween, software for 2D animation that automatically produced frames of motion in between two frames.However, Catmull's team lacked the ability to tell a story effectively via film, harming the effort to produce a motion picture via a computer. Catmull and his partner Alvy Ray Smith attempted to reach out to studios to alleviate this issue, but were generally unsuccessful until they attracted the attention of George Lucas at Lucasfilm.


=== Lucasfilm ===
Lucas approached Catmull in 1979 and asked him to lead a group to bring computer graphics, video editing, and digital audio into the entertainment field.
Lucas had already made a deal with a computer company called Triple-I, and asked them to create a digital model of an X-wing fighter from Star Wars, which they did. In 1979 Catmull became the Vice President at Industrial Light & Magic computer graphics division at Lucasfilm.


=== Pixar ===
In 1986, Steve Jobs bought Lucasfilm's digital division and founded Pixar, where Catmull would work. Pixar would be acquired by Disney in 2006.In June 2007, Catmull and long-time Pixar digital animator and director John Lasseter were given control of Disneytoon Studios, a division of Disney Animation housed in a separate facility in Glendale. As president and chief creative officer, respectively, they have supervised three separate studios for Disney, each with its own production pipeline: Pixar, Disney Animation, and Disneytoon. While Disney Animation and Disneytoon are located in the Los Angeles area, Pixar is located over 350 miles (563 kilometers) northwest in the San Francisco Bay Area, where Catmull and Lasseter both live. Accordingly, they appointed a general manager for each studio to handle day-to-day affairs on their behalf, then began regularly commuting each week to both Pixar and Disney Animation and spending at least two days per week (usually Tuesdays and Wednesdays) at Disney Animation.While at Pixar, Catmull was implicated in the High-Tech Employee Antitrust scandal, in which Bay Area technology companies allegedly agreed, among other things, not to cold-call recruit from one another. Catmull defended his actions in a deposition, saying: "While I have responsibility for the payroll, I have responsibility for the long term also." Disney and its subsidiaries, including Pixar, ultimately paid $100 million in settlement compensation.In November 2014, the general managers of Disney Animation and Pixar were both promoted to president, but both continued to report to Catmull, who retained the title of president of Walt Disney and Pixar. On October 23, 2018, Catmull announced his plans to retire from Pixar and Disney Animation, staying on as an adviser through July 2019.


== Personal life ==
As of 2006, Catmull lived in Marin County, California, with his wife Susan and their three children.


== Awards and honors ==
In 1993, Catmull received his first Academy Scientific and Technical Award from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences "for the development of PhotoRealistic RenderMan software which produces images used in motion pictures from 3D computer descriptions of shape and appearance". He shared this award with Tom Porter. In 1995, he was inducted as a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery. Again in 1996, he received an Academy Scientific and Technical Award "for pioneering inventions in Digital Image Compositing".In 2000, Catmull was elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering for leadership in the creation of digital imagery, leading to the introduction of fully synthetic visual effects and motion pictures.
In 2001, he received an Oscar "for significant advancements to the field of motion picture rendering as exemplified in Pixar's RenderMan". In 2006, he was awarded the IEEE John von Neumann Medal for pioneering contributions to the field of computer graphics in modeling, animation and rendering. At the 81st Academy Awards (2008, presented in February 2009), Catmull was awarded the Gordon E. Sawyer Award, which honors "an individual in the motion picture industry whose technological contributions have brought credit to the industry".In 2013, the Computer History Museum named him a Museum Fellow "for his pioneering work in computer graphics, animation and filmmaking".His book Creativity, Inc. was shortlisted for the Financial Times and Goldman Sachs Business Book of the Year Award (2014), and was a selection for Mark Zuckerberg book club in March 2015.Catmull shared the 2019 Turing Award with Pat Hanrahan for their pioneering work on computer-generated imagery.


== Filmography ==


== Bibliography ==
Catmull, Ed; Amy Wallace (2014). Creativity Inc.: Overcoming the Unseen Forces That Stand in the Way of True Inspiration. New York: Random House. ISBN 978-0-8129-9301-1. OCLC 851419994.Catmull also has a chapter giving advice in Tim Ferriss' book Tools of Titans.


== References ==


== External links ==
Ed Catmull at IMDb
Catmull discusses creativity, entrepreneurship, story telling and filmmaking, Stanford University, 2014-04-30 (video with transcript)Joseph R. Cavallaro is a Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at Rice University and director of the Center for Multimedia Communication in Houston, Texas.He join the faculty of Rice University in August 1988. He was named Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) in 2015 for contributions to VLSI architectures and algorithms for signal processing and wireless communications.
Cavallaro got his B.S.E.E. from the University of Pennsylvania in 1981 and a year later got his M.S.E.E. from Princeton University. He then attended Cornell University, where he got his Ph.D. in 1988.


== References ==


== External links ==
Joseph Cavallaro publications indexed by Google ScholarVinton Gray Cerf  (; born June 23, 1943) is an American Internet pioneer and is recognized as one of "the fathers of the Internet", sharing this title with TCP/IP co-developer Bob Kahn. He has received honorary degrees and awards that include the National Medal of Technology, the Turing Award, the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the Marconi Prize and membership in the National Academy of Engineering.


== Life and career ==

Vinton Gray Cerf was born in New Haven, Connecticut on June 23, 1943, the son of Muriel (née Gray) and Vinton Thurston Cerf. Cerf attended Van Nuys High School with Jon Postel and Steve Crocker. While in high school, Cerf worked at Rocketdyne on the Apollo program and helped write statistical analysis software for the non-destructive tests of the F-1 engines.Cerf received a Bachelor of Science degree in mathematics from Stanford University. After college, Cerf worked at IBM as a systems engineer supporting QUIKTRAN for two years.Cerf  and his wife Sigrid both have hearing deficiencies; they met at a hearing aid agent's practice in the 1960s, which led him to becoming an advocate for accessibility.
He left IBM to attend graduate school at UCLA where he earned his M.S. degree in 1970 and his PhD in 1972. Cerf studied under Professor Gerald Estrin and worked in Professor Leonard Kleinrock's data packet networking group that connected the first two nodes of the ARPANet, the first node on the Internet, and "contributed to a host-to-host protocol" for the ARPANet.While at UCLA, Cerf met Bob Kahn, who was working on the ARPANet system architecture. Cerf wrote the first TCP protocol with Yogen Dalal and Carl Sunshine, called Specification of Internet Transmission Control Program (RFC 675), published in December 1974.Cerf worked as assistant professor at Stanford University from 1972 to 1976 where he conducted research on packet network interconnection protocols and co-designed the DoD TCP/IP protocol suite with Kahn.

Cerf worked at the United States Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) from 1973 to 1982 and funded various groups to develop TCP/IP, packet radio (PRNET), packet satellite (SATNET) and packet security technology. These efforts were rooted in the needs of the military. In the late 1980s, Cerf moved to MCI where he helped develop the first commercial email system (MCI Mail) to be connected to the Internet.Cerf is active in a number of global humanitarian organizations. Cerf is also known for his sartorial style, typically appearing in a three-piece suit—a rarity in an industry known for its casual dress norms.As vice president of MCI Digital Information Services from 1982 to 1986, Cerf led the engineering of MCI Mail, the first commercial email service to be connected to the Internet. In 1986, he joined Bob Kahn at the Corporation for National Research Initiatives as its vice president, working with Kahn on Digital Libraries, Knowledge Robots, and gigabit speed networks. Since 1988 Cerf lobbied for the privatization of the internet. In 1992, he and Kahn, among others, founded the Internet Society (ISOC) to provide leadership in education, policy and standards related to the Internet. Cerf served as the first president of ISOC. Cerf rejoined MCI during 1994 and served as Senior Vice President of Technology Strategy. In this role, he helped to guide corporate strategy development from a technical perspective. Previously, he served as MCI's senior vice president of Architecture and Technology, leading a team of architects and engineers to design advanced networking frameworks, including Internet-based solutions for delivering a combination of data, information, voice and video services for business and consumer use.
During 1997, Cerf joined the Board of Trustees of Gallaudet University, a university for the education of the deaf and hard-of-hearing. Cerf himself is hard of hearing.  He has also served on the university's Board of Associates.Cerf, as leader of MCI's internet business, was criticized due to MCI's role in providing the IP addresses used by Send-Safe.com, a vendor of spamware that uses a botnet in order to send spam. MCI refused to terminate the spamware vendor. At the time, Spamhaus also listed MCI as the ISP with the most Spamhaus Block List listings.Cerf has worked for Google as a vice president and Chief Internet Evangelist since October 2005. In this function he has become well known for his predictions on how technology will affect future society, encompassing such areas as artificial intelligence, environmentalism, the advent of IPv6 and the transformation of the television industry and its delivery model.Since 2010, Cerf has served as a Commissioner for the Broadband Commission for Digital Development, a UN body which aims to make broadband internet technologies more widely available.
Cerf helped fund and establish ICANN, the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers.  He joined the board in 1999, and served until November 2007. He was chairman from November 2000 to his departure from the Board.
Cerf was a member of Bulgarian President Georgi Parvanov's IT Advisory Council (from March 2002 – January 2012). He is also a member of the advisory board of Eurasia Group, the political risk consultancy.Cerf is also working on the Interplanetary Internet, together with NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory and other NASA laboratories. It will be a new standard to communicate from planet to planet, using radio/laser communications that are tolerant of signal degradations including variable delay and disruption caused, for example, by celestial motion.On February 7, 2006, Cerf testified before the U.S. Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation's hearing on net neutrality. Speaking as Google's Chief Internet Evangelist, Cerf noted that nearly half of all consumers lacked meaningful choice in broadband providers and expressed concerns that without network neutrality government regulation, broadband providers would be able to use their dominance to limit options for consumers and charge companies like Google for their use of bandwidth.

Cerf currently serves on the board of advisors of Scientists and Engineers for America, an organization focused on promoting sound science in American government. He also serves on the advisory council of CRDF Global (Civilian Research and Development Foundation) and was on the International Multilateral Partnership Against Cyber Threats (IMPACT) International Advisory Board.Cerf was elected as the president of the Association for Computing Machinery in May 2012 and joined the Council on CyberSecurity's Board of Advisors in August 2013.From 2011 to 2016, Cerf was chairman of the board of trustees of ARIN, the Regional Internet Registry (RIR) of IP addresses for United States, Canada, and part of the Caribbean. Until Fall 2015, Cerf chaired the board of directors of StopBadware, a non-profit anti-malware organization that started as a project at Harvard University's Berkman Center for Internet & Society. Cerf is on the board of advisors to The Liquid Information Company Ltd of the UK, which works to make the web more usefully interactive and which has produced the Mac OS X utility called 'Liquid'. Vint Cerf is a member of the CuriosityStream Advisory Board.During 2008, Cerf chaired the Internationalized domain name (IDNAbis) working group of the IETF. In 2008 Cerf was a major contender to be designated the first U.S. Chief Technology Officer by President Barack Obama. Cerf is the co-chair of Campus Party Silicon Valley, the US edition of one of the largest technology festivals in the world, along with Al Gore and Tim Berners-Lee. From 2009 to 2011, Cerf was an elected member of the Governing Board of the Smart Grid Interoperability Panel (SGIP). SGIP is a public-private consortium established by NIST in 2009 and provides a forum for businesses and other stakeholder groups to participate in coordinating and accelerating development of standards for the evolving Smart Grid. Cerf was elected to a two-year term as President of the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) beginning July 1, 2012. In 2015 Cerf co-founded (with Mei Lin Fung), and is currently chairman of, People-Centered Internet (PCI). On January 16, 2013, U.S. President Barack Obama announced his intent to appoint Cerf to the National Science Board. Cerf served until May 2018 when his six-year term expired.
Cerf is also among the 15 members of governing council of International Institute of Information Technology, Hyderabad.In June 2016, his work with NASA led to Delay-tolerant networking being installed on the International Space Station with an aim towards an Interplanetary Internet.Since at least 2015, Cerf has been raising concerns about the wide-ranging risks of digital obsolescence, the potential of losing much historic information about our time – a digital "dark age" or "black hole" – given the ubiquitous digital storage of text, data, images, music and more. Among the concerns are the long-term storage of, and continued reliable access to, our vast stores of present-day digital data and the associated programs, operating systems, computers and peripherals required to access such.In March 2020, Cerf confirmed that he had tested positive for COVID-19. He announced the news via a tweet in which he also criticized President Donald Trump for the way he was handling the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States. On April 3, 2020, Cerf announced via Twitter that VA Public Health had certified his wife and himself as no longer contagious with the virus.


== Awards and honors ==

Cerf has received a number of honorary degrees, including doctorates, from the University of the Balearic Islands, ETHZ in Zurich, Switzerland, Capitol College, Gettysburg College, Yale University, George Mason University, Marymount University, Bethany College (Kansas), University of Pisa, University of Rovira and Virgili (Tarragona, Spain), Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, Luleå University of Technology (Sweden), University of Twente (Netherlands), Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications, Tsinghua University (Beijing), Brooklyn Polytechnic, UPCT (University of Cartagena, Spain), Zaragoza University (Spain), University of Reading (United Kingdom), Royal Roads University (Canada), MGIMO (Moscow State University of International Relations), Buenos Aires Institute of Technology (Argentina),  Polytechnic University of Madrid, Keio University (Japan), University of South Australia (Australia), University of St Andrews (Scotland), University of Pittsburgh and Gallaudet University (United States). Other awards include:

Edward A. Dickson Alumnus of the Year Award from UCLA
Prince of Asturias award for science and technology
Life Member IEEE
Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery, 1994
Elected as a member into the National Academy of Engineering in 1995 for contributions to the design and development of network protocols and leadership in the evolution of the Internet.
Yuri Rubinsky Memorial Award, 1996
SIGCOMM Award for "contributions to the Internet [spanning] more than 25 years, from development of the fundamental TCP/IP protocols".
Certificate of Merit from The Franklin Institute, in 1996.
In December 1997 he, along with his partner Robert E. Kahn, was presented with the National Medal of Technology by President Bill Clinton, "for creating and sustaining development of Internet Protocols and continuing to provide leadership in the emerging industry of internetworking."
In 2000, he received the honorary doctorate degree from URV, Spain.
He received the Living Legend Medal from the Library of Congress in April 2000
In 2000, he was made a Fellow of the Computer History Museum "for his contributions to computer architecture, operating systems, and software engineering."
Cerf was selected as a Fellow of the Association for Women in Science (AWIS) in 2000.
Cerf was awarded the Award of Technology from the Telluride Tech Festival in 2002, also known as the Tesla Festival since the world's first AC hydro-power power plant was built in Telluride in 1891 by L.L. Nunn who purchased the generator and plans from George Westinghouse and Tesla.
Cerf and Kahn were the winners of the Turing Award for 2004, for their "pioneering work on internetworking, including .. the Internet's basic communications protocols .. and for inspired leadership in networking."
In November 2005, Vinton Cerf and Kahn were awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President George W. Bush for their contributions to the creation of the Internet.
He and Robert Kahn were inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame in May 2006
Vinton Cerf was awarded the St. Cyril and Methodius in the Coat of Arms Order in July 2006
Vinton Cerf and Robert Kahn were each inducted as an Honorary Fellow of the Society for Technical Communication (STC) in May 2006
He and Robert Kahn were awarded the Japan Prize in January 2008.
Cerf was inducted into the Worshipful Company of Information Technologists and given the Freedom of the City of London in April 2008.
Cerf was awarded an honorary membership in the Yale Political Union after keynoting a lively debate on the subject "Resolved: Online Communities are Real Communities." The motion passed.
In celebration of the five year-anniversary of YouTube he was selected as a guest curator by the site, and chose the six videos on YouTube he found most memorable.
IEEE-HKN Eta Kappa Nu Eminent Member, 2010
In May 2011, he was awarded an HPI Fellowship as "...a tribute to his work for a new medium which influenced the everyday life of our society like no other one."
In September 2011 he was made a distinguished fellow of British Computer Society, in recognition of his outstanding contribution and service to the advancement of computing.
In 2012 he was inducted as a Pioneer into the Internet Hall of Fame
In 2013, Cerf was one of five Internet and Web pioneers awarded the inaugural Queen Elizabeth Prize for Engineering.
In 2013, Cerf presented the Bernard Price Memorial Lecture
In 2014, Cerf was awarded the Order of the Cross of Terra Mariana, 1st class for his role in invention of TCP/IP by president of Estonia Toomas Hendrik Ilves
In 2014, Cerf was awarded Officer of the French Légion d'honneur
In 2015, Cerf received an honorary doctorate from the University of Reading, UK.
Cerf was elected a Foreign Member of The UK Royal Society in 2016
In 2018, Cerf was named a recipient of the Benjamin Franklin Medal
In 2018, Cerf was awarded Catalonia's International Award


== Partial bibliography ==


=== Author ===


=== Co-author ===

Cerf writes under the column name "CERF'S UP", and Cerf's car has a vanity plate (registration) "CERFSUP".


== See also ==
List of Internet pioneers
List of pioneers in computer science
Paul Baran and Donald Davies, independently invented packet-switched networks


== References ==


== Further reading ==
Cerf, Vinton G. (April 24, 1990), Oral history interview with Vinton G. Cerf, Minnesota, Minneapolis: Charles Babbage Institute
Cerf, Vinton (May 17, 1999), Dr. Vinton Cerf: An Interview Conducted by David Hochfelder, Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers


== External links ==
Bio at Google
Vint Cerf on the ICANN wiki
Dr. Vint Cerf on "Reinventing the Internet" (YouTube). Internet Society. (May 13, 2013)
Vint Cerf at TED 
Appearances on C-SPANKanianthra Mani Chandy (born 25 October 1944) is the Simon Ramo Professor of Computer Science at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech). He has been the Executive Officer of the Computer Science Department twice, and he has been a professor at Caltech since 1989. He also served as Chair of the Division of Engineering and Applied Science at the California Institute of Technology.


== Early life and education ==
Chandy received his Ph.D. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Electrical Engineering with a thesis in Operations research. He also earned a Master's from the New York University, and a Bachelor's from the Indian Institute of Technology, Madras.


== Career ==
He has worked for Honeywell and IBM. From 1970 to 1989, he was in the Computer Science Department of the University of Texas at Austin, serving as chair in 1978–79 and 1983–85. He has served as a consultant to a number of companies including IBM and Bell Labs. He also served on the Engineering and Computer Science jury for the Infosys Prize in 2019.


== Research ==
In 1984, along with J Misra, Chandy proposed a new solution to Dining philosophers problem.Chandy does research in distributed computing. He has published three books and over a hundred papers on distributed computing, verification of concurrent programs, parallel programming languages and performance models of computing and communication systems, including the eponymous BCMP networks. He described the Chandy–Lamport algorithm together with Leslie Lamport.


== Recognition ==
He received the IEEE Koji Kobayashi Award for Computers and Communication in 1987, the A.A. Michelson Award from the Computer Measurement Group in 1985, and the IEEE Computer Society Charles Babbage Award in 1993.
Chandy was elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering in 1995 for contributions to computer performance modeling, parallel discrete-event simulation, and systematic development of concurrent programs.
He was elected as an ACM Fellow in 2019 "for contributions to queueing networks, performance analysis, distributed and parallel programming, and distributed simulation".


== References ==


== External links ==
Homepage and Bio at Caltech
Another Bio and discussion of his workCarl Kochao Chang (simplified Chinese: 张可昭; traditional Chinese: 張可昭) is Professor of Computer Science, Professor of Human Computer Interaction and Director of Software Engineering Laboratory in the Department of Computer Science at Iowa State University, where he served as its department chair from 2002 to 2013. He received a PhD in computer science from Northwestern University.


== Career ==
He worked for GTE Automatic Electric and Bell Laboratories before joining the University of Illinois at Chicago in 1984, where he directed the International Center for Software Engineering. He served as Professor and Director for the Institute for Mobile, Pervasive, and Agile Computing Technologies (IMPACT) at Auburn University from 2001 to 2002, before moving to Iowa State University in July 2002. Chang was the 2004 IEEE Computer Society president. Previously he served as the Editor-in-Chief for IEEE Software (1991–1994) and Editor-in-Chief for IEEE Computer (2007–2010). He spearheaded the Computing Curricula 2001 (CC2001) project jointly sponsored by the IEEE Computer Society, the ACM, and the National Science Foundation. He is a Life Fellow of IEEE, a Fellow of AAAS, and a member and an officer of the European Academy of Sciences.


== Awards and recognition ==
He received the 2000 IEEE Third Millennium Medal, the 2006 Bulgaria Academy of Sciences Marin Drinov Medal, and the 2012 IEEE Computer Society Richard E. Merwin Medal. As a three times winner of IBM Faculty Award, Chang's research interests include software engineering, human computer interaction and digital health. He is the founder of Situation Analytics based on his Situ theoretical framework. He is the recipient of the 2014 Overseas Outstanding Contribution Award from China Computer Federation (CCF 中国计算机学会) as well as the 2014 Distinguished Alumnus by the National Central University in Taiwan (中央大學－台灣)。


== References ==


== External links ==
Carl K. Chang's web site
Carl K. Chang's official web siteEugene Charniak is a professor of computer Science and cognitive Science at Brown University. He holds an A.B. in Physics from the University of Chicago and a Ph.D. from M.I.T. in Computer Science. His research has always been in the area of language understanding or technologies which relate to it, such as knowledge representation, reasoning under uncertainty, and learning. Since the early 1990s  he has been interested in statistical techniques for language understanding. His research in this area has included work in the subareas of part-of-speech tagging, probabilistic context-free grammar induction, and, more recently, syntactic disambiguation through word statistics, efficient syntactic parsing, and lexical resource acquisition through statistical means.
He is a Fellow of the American Association of Artificial Intelligence and was previously a Councilor of the organization. He was also honored with the 2011 Association for Computational Linguistics Lifetime Achievement Award and awarded the 2011 Calvin & Rose G Hoffman Prize. In 2011, he was named a fellow of the Association for Computational Linguistics. In 2015, he won the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence (AAAI) Classic Paper Award for a paper (“Statistical Parsing with a Context-Free Grammar and Word Statistics”) that he presented at the Fourteenth National Conference on Artificial Intelligence in 1997.


== Books ==
He has published five books:

Computational Semantics, (with Yorick Wilks), Amsterdam: North-Holland (1976)
Artificial Intelligence Programming (now in a second edition) (with Chris Riesbeck, Drew McDermott, and James Meehan), Hillsdale NJ: Lawrence Erlbaum Associates (1980, 1987)
Introduction to Artificial Intelligence (with Drew McDermott), Reading MA: Addison-Wesley (1985)
Statistical Language Learning, Cambridge: MIT Press (1993)
Introduction to Deep Learning, Cambridge: MIT Press (2019)


== References ==


== External links ==
Eugene Charniak's homepage at Brown UniversityMelissa Erin Chase is an American cryptographer known for her research on attribute-based encryption, digital credentials, and information privacy. She works at Microsoft Research.


== Education ==
Chase graduated in 2003 from Harvey Mudd College, with a senior thesis in mathematics about the shortest path problem, advised by Ran Libeskind-Hadas.
She earned a Ph.D. from Brown University with Anna Lysyanskaya as her doctoral advisor.


== Contributions ==
At Microsoft, Chase is one of the developers of Picnic, a digital signature scheme that Microsoft has submitted to the National Institute of Standards and Technology Post-Quantum Cryptography Standardization competition. Chase spoke about the project as an invited speaker at Real World Crypto 2018 in Zurich.


== References ==


== External links ==
Melissa Chase publications indexed by Google ScholarAlok R. Chaturvedi is a Professor of Information Systems and the founder and the Director of SEAS Laboratory at the Krannert School of Management, Purdue University. His research is focused on using artificial intelligence, computational ecology, and enterprise integration for wargaming enterprise situations. He received a Ph.D. (1989) and M.S (1985) in Management Information Systems from the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee and a B.Sc (1980) in Mechanical Engineering from B.I.T Ranchi (India).Alok R. Chaturvedi is also:

the director of Purdue Homeland Security Institute, United States;
the founder, chairman, and the CEO of Simulex Inc.;
the technical lead for the Sentient World Simulation project initiated by US Joint Forces Command;
the principal investigator and the project director for several major grants from National Science Foundation, Indiana 21st Century Research and Technology Fund, Office of Naval Research and others.In 2005, he was awarded the Sagamore of the Wabash by the Governor of Indiana, the lowest civilian honor which the Governor of Indiana bestows for his service to the state. He has also served as an adjunct research staff member at the Institute for Defense Analyses.


== See also ==
Chaturvedi
Social simulation
Simulated reality


== Sources and notes ==Surajit Chaudhuri is a computer scientist best known for his contributions to database management systems. He is currently a distinguished scientist at Microsoft Research, where he leads the Data Management, Exploration and Mining group. Chaudhuri is an ACM Fellow. He received his B.Tech. from Indian Institutes of Technology (IIT), Kharagpur, and his Ph.D. in computer science from Stanford University in 1991.
From 1992–1995, he has worked at HP Labs, Palo Alto.


== References ==


== External links ==
WebsiteDavid Lee Chaum (born 1955) is an American computer scientist and cryptographer. He is known as a pioneer in cryptography and privacy-preserving technologies, and widely recognized as the inventor of digital cash. His 1982 dissertation "Computer Systems Established, Maintained, and Trusted by Mutually Suspicious Groups"  is the first known proposal for a blockchain protocol. Complete with the code to implement the protocol, Chaum's dissertation proposed all but one element of the blockchain later detailed in the Bitcoin whitepaper. He has been referred to as "the father of online anonymity".He is also known for developing ecash, an electronic cash application that aims to preserve a user's anonymity, and inventing many cryptographic protocols like the blind signature, mix networks and the Dining cryptographers protocol. In 1995 his company DigiCash  created the first digital currency with eCash.: 65–70   His 1981 paper, "Untraceable Electronic Mail, Return Addresses, and Digital Pseudonyms", laid the groundwork for the field of anonymous communications research.


== Life and career ==
Chaum is Jewish and was born to a Jewish family in Los Angeles. He gained a doctorate in computer science from the University of California, Berkeley in 1982. Also that year, he founded the International Association for Cryptologic Research (IACR), which currently organizes academic conferences in cryptography research.: 47  Subsequently, he taught at the New York University Graduate School of Business Administration and at the University of California, Santa Barbara (UCSB). He also formed a cryptography research group at CWI, the Dutch National Research Institute for Mathematics and Computer Science in Amsterdam. He founded DigiCash, an electronic cash company, in 1990.: 119 Chaum received the Information Technology European Award for 1995. In 2004, he was named an IACR Fellow. In 2010, he received during the RSA Conference the RSA Award for Excellence in Mathematics. In 2019, he was awarded the honorary title of Dijkstra Fellow by CWI. He received an honorary doctorate from the University of Lugano in 2021.Chaum resides in Sherman Oaks, Los Angeles.


== Notable research contributions ==


=== Vault systems ===
Recently credited by Alan Sherman's "On the Origins and Variations of Blockchain Technologies", Chaum's 1982 Berkeley dissertation proposed every element of the blockchain found in Bitcoin except proof of work. The proposed vault system lays out a plan for achieving consensus state between nodes, chaining the history of consensus in blocks, and immutably time-stamping the chained data. The paper also lays out the specific code to implement such a protocol.


=== Digital cash ===
Chaum is credited as the inventor of secure digital cash for his 1983 paper, which also introduced the cryptographic primitive of a blind signature. These ideas have been described as the technical roots of the vision of the Cypherpunk movement that began in the late 1980s. Chaum's proposal allowed users to obtain digital currency from a bank and spend it in a manner that is untraceable by the bank or any other party. In 1988, he extended this idea (with Amos Fiat and Moni Naor) to allow offline transactions that enable detection of double-spending.In 1990, he founded DigiCash, an electronic cash company, in Amsterdam to commercialize the ideas in his research.: 119  The first electronic payment was sent in 1994. In 1999, Chaum left the company.


=== New types of digital signatures ===
In the same 1982 paper that proposed digital cash, Chaum introduced blind signatures. This form of digital signature blinds the content of a message before it is signed, so that the signer cannot determine the content. The resulting blind signature can be publicly verified against the original, unblinded message in the manner of a regular digital signature.In 1989, he (with Hans van Antwerpen) introduced undeniable signatures. This form of digital signature uses a verification process that is interactive, so that the signatory can limit who can verify the signature. Since signers may refuse to participate in the verification process, signatures are considered valid unless a signer specifically uses a disavowal protocol to prove that a given signature was not authentic.In 1991, he (with Eugene van Heyst) introduced group signatures, which allow a member of a group to anonymously sign a message on behalf of the entire group. However an appointed group manager holds the power to revoke the anonymity of any signer in the case of disputes.


=== Anonymous communication ===
In 1981, Chaum proposed the idea of an anonymous communication network in a paper. His proposal, called mix networks, allows a group of senders to submit an encryption of a message and its recipient to a server. Once the server has a batch of messages, it will reorder and obfuscate the messages so that only this server knows which message came from which sender. The batch is then forwarded to another server who does the same process. Eventually, the messages reach the final server where they are fully decrypted and delivered to the recipient. A mechanism to allow return messages is also proposed. Mix networks are the basis of some remailers and are the conceptual ancestor to modern anonymous web browsing tools like Tor (based on onion routing). Chaum has advocated that every router be made, effectively, a Tor node.In 1988, Chaum introduced a different type of anonymous communication system called a DC-Net, which is a solution to his proposed Dining Cryptographers Problem. DC-Nets is the basis of the software tool Dissent.


=== Trustworthy voting systems ===
Chaum has made numerous contributions to secure voting systems, including the first proposal of a system that is end-to-end verifiable. This proposal, made in 1981, was given as an application of mix networks. In this system, the individual ballots of voters were kept private which anyone could verify that the tally was counted correctly. This, and other early cryptographic voting systems, assumed that voters could reliably compute values with their personal computers. In 1991, Chaum introduced SureVote which allowed voters to cast a ballot from an untrustworthy voting system, proposing a process now called "code voting" and used in remote voting systems like Remotegrity and DEMOS.In 1994, Chaum introduced the first in-person voting system in which voters cast ballots electronically at a polling station and cryptographically verify that the DRE did not modify their vote (or even learn what it was). In the following years, Chaum proposed (often with others) a series a cryptographically verifiable voting systems that use conventional paper ballots: Pret a Voter, Punchscan, and Scantegrity. The city of Takoma Park, Maryland used Scantegrity for its November, 2009 election. This was the first time a public sector election was run using any cryptographically verifiable voting system.In 2011, Chaum proposed Random Sample Elections. This electoral system allows a verifiably random selection of voters, who can maintain their anonymity, to cast votes on behalf the entire electorate.


=== Near Eye Display ===
A near eye display patent application authored by David Chaum has been updated. "PERSPECTIVA - All styles of eyeglasses can be upgraded to overlay, anywhere you can see through them, digital imagery that is of unbeatable quality." "Invented then founded and led an effort that has demonstrated feasibility of a new paradigm for delivering light that digitally deconstructs images so that they can be reconstructed on the retina with dynamic focus and exquisite clarity."


=== Other contributions ===
In 1979, Chaum proposed a mechanism for splitting a key into partial keys, a predecessor to secret sharing.In 1985, Chaum proposed the original anonymous credential system, which is sometimes also referred to as a pseudonym system. This stems from the fact that the credentials of such a system are obtained from and shown to organizations using different pseudonyms which cannot be linked.
In 1988,  Chaum with Gilles Brassard and Claude Crepeau published a paper that introduced zero-knowledge arguments, as well as a security model using information-theoretic private-channels, and also first formalized the concept of a commitment scheme.
1991, with Torben Pedersen, he demonstrated a well-cited zero-knowledge proof of a DDH tuple. This proof is particularly useful as it can prove proper reencryption of an ElGamal ciphertext.
Chaum contributed to an important commitment scheme which is often attributed to Pedersen. In fact, Pedersen, in his 1991 paper, cites a rump session talk on an unpublished paper by Jurjen Bos and Chaum for the scheme. It appeared even earlier in a paper by Chaum, Damgard, and Jeroen van de Graaf.In 1993 with Stefan Brands, Chaum introduced the concept of a distance-bounding protocol.


== Bibliography ==
Untraceable Electronic Mail, Return Addresses, and Digital Pseudonyms, 1981
Advances in Cryptology: Proceedings of Crypto 82, 1983
Advances in Cryptology: Proceedings of Crypto 83, 1984
David Chaum, Amos Fiat and Moni Naor, Untraceable Electronic Cash
David Lee Chaum, Computer Systems Established, Maintained and Trusted by Mutually Suspicious Groups, University of California, Berkeley, 1982
David Chaum, Towards Trustworthy Elections, Springer-Verlag Berlin and Heidelberg GmbH & Co. K, 2010
How to issue a central bank digital currency (working paper), 2021


== See also ==
ecash
Blind signature
Group signature
Undeniable signature
Mix network
Dining cryptographers protocol
Anonymous remailer
End-to-end auditable voting systems
Punchscan
Scantegrity
Digital credential


== References ==


== Further reading ==
Chaum, D. (1984). "A New Paradigm for Individuals in the Information Age". 1984 IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy (PDF). IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy. IEEE. p. 99. doi:10.1109/SP.1984.10025. ISBN 978-0-8186-0532-1. S2CID 1717835.
Chaum, D. (1985). "Security without identification: Transaction systems to make big brother obsolete". Communications of the ACM. 28 (10): 1030–1044. CiteSeerX 10.1.1.319.3690. doi:10.1145/4372.4373. S2CID 15340054. Archived from the original on 2015-04-11. Retrieved 2015-08-28.
Chaum, D. (1992). "Achieving Electronic Privacy," Scientific American, August 1992, p. 96-101.
Chaum, D. (1997). "David Chaum on Electronic Commerce How much do you trust Big Brother?". IEEE Internet Computing. 1 (6): 8–16. doi:10.1109/MIC.1997.643931. S2CID 8072432.


== External links ==
Home page
Punchscan Homepage
David Chaum research papersShuchi Chawla is an Indian computer scientist who works in the design and analysis of algorithms, and is known for her research on correlation clustering,[CC] information privacy,[PD] mechanism design,[MD] approximation algorithms,[AO] hardness of approximation,[HA] and algorithmic bias. She works as a professor of computer science at the University of Texas at Austin.


== Education and career ==
Chawla earned a bachelor's degree from the Indian Institute of Technology Delhi in 2000, and received her Ph.D. from Carnegie Mellon University in 2005. Her dissertation, Graph Algorithms for Planning and Partitioning, was supervised by Avrim Blum. After postdoctoral studies at Stanford University under the mentorship of Tim Roughgarden, and at Microsoft Research, Silicon Valley, she joined the Wisconsin faculty in 2006.. She joined the UT-Austin faculty in 2021.
She won a Sloan Research Fellowship in 2009, and was named a Kavli Fellow in 2012.


== Selected publications ==


== References ==


== External links ==
Home page
Shuchi Chawla publications indexed by Google ScholarJennifer Tour Chayes is the University of California, Berkeley Associate Provost for the Division of Computing, Data Science, and Society and Dean of the School of Information. She was formerly a Technical Fellow and Managing Director of Microsoft Research New England in Cambridge, Massachusetts, which she founded in 2008, and Microsoft Research New York City, which she founded in 2012.Chayes is best known for her work on phase transitions in discrete mathematics and computer science, structural and dynamical properties of self-engineered networks, and algorithmic game theory. She is considered one of the world's experts in the modeling and analysis of dynamically growing graphs.Chayes joined Microsoft Research in 1997, when she co-founded the Theory Group. She received her Ph.D. in mathematical physics at Princeton University in 1983. She is Affiliate Professor of Mathematics and Physics at the University of Washington, and was for many years Professor of Mathematics at UCLA. She is an author on almost 120 scientific papers and the inventor on more than 25 patents.


== Early life and education ==
Chayes was born in New York City and grew up in White Plains, New York, the child of Iranian immigrants.  She received her B.A. in Biology and Physics from Wesleyan University in 1979 where she graduated first in her class. She received her Ph.D. in Mathematical Physics at Princeton University. She did her postdoctoral work in the Mathematics and Physics departments at Harvard and Cornell.


== Career ==
She moved to UCLA as a tenured Professor of Mathematics in 1987. While she was on sabbatical at the Institute for Advanced Study in 1997, Microsoft CTO Nathan Myhrvold, a classmate of Chayes's from Princeton, asked her to start and lead the Theory Group at Microsoft Research Redmond. The Theory Group analyzes fundamental questions in theoretical computer science using techniques from statistical physics and discrete mathematics. Chayes opened Microsoft Research New England in July 2008 with Borgs. The lab is located at the Microsoft New England Research & Development Center and is pursuing new, interdisciplinary areas of research that bring together core computer scientists and social scientists to understand, model, and enable future computing and online experiences.  On May 3, 2012, the New York Times reported, "Microsoft is opening a research lab in New York City…" which Chayes will co-manage.  The new lab also brings together computer scientists and social scientists, particularly in the areas of economics, computational and behavioral social sciences, and machine learning.
Before joining UC Berkeley, Chayes was Managing Director of both Microsoft Research New England and Microsoft Research New York City. She has contributed to the development of methods to analyze the structure and behavior of various networks, the design of auction algorithms, and the design and analysis of various business models for the online world. She also served on the Mathematical Sciences jury for the Infosys Prize from 2016 to 2018.


== Affiliations ==
Chayes serves on numerous institute boards, advisory committees and editorial boards, including the Turing Award Selection Committee of the Association for Computing Machinery, the Board of Trustees of the Mathematical Sciences Research Institute and the Institute for Computational and Experimental Research in Mathematics, the Advisory Boards of the Center for Discrete Mathematics and Computer Science, the Howard Hughes Medical Institute Janelia Farm Research Campus, and Women Entrepreneurs in Science and Technology.  Chayes is a past Chair of the Mathematics Section of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, and a past Vice-President of the American Mathematical Society.  She is the recipient of a National Science Foundation Postdoctoral Fellowship, a Sloan Fellowship, and the UCLA Distinguished Teaching Award.Chayes is a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, the Fields Institute, the Association for Computing Machinery, and the American Mathematical Society, as well as a National Associate of the National Academies. The Association for Women in Mathematics has included her in the 2020 class of AWM Fellows for "pioneering the way for women in the mathematical sciences to have leading technical roles in the high-tech industry; for extraordinary leadership and mentoring on behalf of women in the mathematical sciences".  She has been the recipient of many leadership awards, including one of the 2012 Anita Borg Institute Women of Vision Awards. In 2019 she was elected to the National Academy of Sciences.Chayes is featured in the Notable Women in Computing cards.


== Awards and honors ==
Alfred P. Sloan Foundation Research Fellowship (1989)
Member of Institute for Advanced Study, Princeton, NJ (1994–95, 1997)
Invited Speaker at the International Congress of Mathematicians (1998)
American Association for the Advancement of Science Fellow (2006)
Association for Computing Machinery Fellow (2010)
American Mathematical Society Fellow (2012)
Anita Borg Institute Women of Vision Award (2012) 
Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics John von Neumann Lecture Prize (2015)
Leiden University honorary doctorate (2016)
National Academy of Sciences member (2019)


== Personal life ==
Chayes married Christian Borgs in 1993 and was previously married to Lincoln Chayes whom she met at Wesleyan.


== See also ==
VinFuture


== References ==


== External links ==
Jennifer Tour Chayes homepageBernard Chazelle (born November 5, 1955) is a French-American computer scientist. He is currently the Eugene Higgins Professor of Computer Science at Princeton University. Much of his work is in computational geometry, where he is known for his study of algorithms, such as linear-time triangulation of a simple polygon, as well as major complexity results, such as lower bound techniques based on discrepancy theory. He is also known for his invention of the soft heap data structure and the most asymptotically efficient known algorithm for finding minimum spanning trees.


== Early life ==
Chazelle was born in Clamart, France, the son of Marie-Claire (née Blanc) and Jean Chazelle. He grew up in Paris, France, where he received his bachelor's degree and master's degree in applied mathematics at the École des mines de Paris in 1977. Then, at the age of 21, he attended Yale University in the United States, where he received his PhD in computer science in 1980 under the supervision of David P. Dobkin.


== Career ==
He went on to claim important research positions at institutions such as Carnegie Mellon, Brown, NEC, Xerox PARC, the Institute for Advanced Study, and the Paris institutions École normale supérieure, École polytechnique, Inria, and Collège de France. He is a fellow of the ACM, the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation, and NEC, as well as a member of the European Academy of Sciences. He has also written essays about music and politics.


== Personal life ==
Chazelle is married to Celia Chazelle. He is the father of director Damien Chazelle, the youngest person in history to win an Academy Award for Best Director, and Anna Chazelle, an entertainer.


== Works ==
The Discrepancy Method: Randomness and Complexity. Cambridge University Press. 2000. ISBN 978-0-521-00357-5.


== References ==


== External links ==
Bernard Chazelle at Princeton UniversityDanqi Chen (simplified Chinese: 陈丹琦; traditional Chinese: 陳丹琦; pinyin: Chén Dānqí, IPA: [ʈ͡ʂʰə̌n tan t͡ɕʰǐ]; born in Changsha, China) is a Chinese computer scientist and assistant professor at Princeton University specializing in the AI field of natural language processing (NLP). In 2019, she joined the Princeton NLP group, alongside Sanjeev Arora, Christiane Fellbaum, Karthik Narasimhan. She was previously a visiting scientist at Facebook AI Research (FAIR). She earned her Ph.D at Stanford University and her BS from Tsinghua University.Chen is the author of Neural Reading Comprehension and Beyond, a book on using artificial intelligence to access knowledge in ordinary and structured documents.  She is the author or co-author of a number of journal articles, including Reading Wikipedia to Answer Open-Domain Questions.Google's SyntaxNet is based on algorithms developed by Danqi Chen and Christopher Manning at Stanford.She won a gold medal at the International Informatics Olympiad. She is known among friends as CDQ. A well known algorithm in competitive programming, CDQ Divide and Conquer, is named after this acronym. Her primary research interests are in text understanding and knowledge representation and reasoning.


== References ==Peter Pin-Shan Chen (Chinese: 陳品山; born in 1947) is a Taiwanese American computer scientist. He is a (retired) distinguished career scientist and faculty member at Carnegie Mellon University and Professor Emeritus at LSU. He is known for the development of the entity–relationship model in 1976.


== Biography ==
Born 1947 in Taichung, Taiwan, Peter Chen received a B.S. in electrical engineering in 1968 at the National Taiwan University, and a Ph.D. in computer science/applied mathematics at Harvard University in 1973. In 1970, he worked one summer at IBM.  After graduating from Harvard, he spent one year at Honeywell and a summer at Digital Equipment Corporation.
From 1974 to 1978 Chen was an assistant professor at the MIT Sloan School of Management. From 1978 to 1983 he was an associate professor at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA Management School). From 1983 to 2011 Chen held the position of M. J. Foster Distinguished Chair Professor of Computer Science at Louisiana State University and, for several years, adjunct professor in its Business School and Medical School (Shreveport). During this time period, he was a visiting professor once at Harvard in '89-'90 and three times at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (EECS Dept. in '86-'87, Sloan School in '90-'91, and Division of Engineering Systems in 06-'07).  From 2010 to 2020, Chen was a Distinguished Career Scientist and faculty member at Carnegie Mellon University, U.S.A.
Besides lecturing around the world, he has also served as an (honorary) professor outside of the U.S. In 1984, under the sponsorship of the United Nations, he taught a one-month short course on databases at Huazhong University of Science and Technology in Wuhan, China, and was awarded as Honorary Professor there. Then, he went to Beijing as a member of the IEEE delegation of the First International Conference on Computers and Applications (the first major IEEE computer conference held in China). From 2008 to 2014, he was an Honorary Chair Professor in the Institute of Service Science at National Tsing Hua University, Taiwan. Starting in 2016, he is an Honorary Chair Professor in the Department of Bioengineering and Bioinformatics, Asia University (Taiwan).
Chen has served as an advisor for government agencies and corporations. He is a member of the advisory board of Computer and Information Science and Engineering Directorate of National Science Foundation (2004-2006) and the United States Air Force Scientific Advisory Board (2005-2009).  


== Awards and honors ==
Chen's original paper is one of the most influential papers in the computer software field based on a survey of more than 1,000 computer science professors documented in a book on "Great Papers in Computer Science". Chen's work is also cited in a book Software Challenges published by Time-Life Books in 1993 in the series on "Understanding Computers."  Chen is recognized as one of the pioneers in a book on "Software Pioneers". He is listed in Who's Who in America and Who's Who in the World.
Chen has received many awards in the fields of Information Technology. He received the Data Resource Management Technology Award from the Data Administration Management Association in New York City in 1990. He was elected as a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM), American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS), IEEE, and ER. He won the Achievement Award in Information Management in 2000 from DAMA International. He was an inductee into the Data Management Hall of Fame in 2000. He received the Stevens Award in Software Method Innovation in 2001. In 2003, Chen received the IEEE Harry H. Goode Memorial Award at the IEEE-CS board of governors meeting in San Diego. He was presented with the ACM - AAAI Allen Newell Award at the ACM Banquet in San Diego in June 2003 and International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence (IJCAI) in Acapulco in August 2003.  Chen is also the recipient of the Pan Wen-Yuan Outstanding Research Award in 2004. In June 2011 in Jeju Island, Korea, Chen received the Transformative Achievement Medal from Software Engineering Society and the Society for Design and Process Science.  
His innovative work initiated/accelerated a new field of research and practice called "Conceptual Modeling" based on conceptual model (computer science) or Entity–Relationship model. In 1979, he founded an annual international professional meeting, the  International Conference on Conceptual Modeling, which has been held in different countries.. He also founded the Data & Knowledge Engineering journal for publishing and disseminating scholarly research results. 


== Peter P. Chen Award ==

To recognize Chen's pioneering leadership role, the "Peter P. Chen Award" was established in 2008, to honor excellent researchers/educators for outstanding contributions to the field of conceptual modeling each year.  The recipients of the Peter P. Chen Award are:

2008: Bernhard Thalheim, professor, University of Kiel, Germany
2009: David W. Embley, professor, Brigham Young University (BYU), U.S.A.
2010: John Mylopoulos, professor, University of Toronto, Canada, and University of Trento, Italy
2011: Tok Wang Ling, professor, National University of Singapore (NUS), Singapore
2012: Stefano Spaccapietra, honorary professor, Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (EPFL), Switzerland
2013: Carlo Batini, professor, University of Milano-Bicocca, Italy
2014: Antonio L. Furtado, professor, PUC-Rio, Brazil
2015: Il-Yeol Song, professor, Drexel University, U.S.A.
2016: Óscar Pastor, professor, Universitat Politècnica de València, Spain
2017: Yair Wand, CANFOR Professor in MIS, University of British Columbia, CANADA
2018: Veda C. Storey, Tull Professor of Computer Information Systems, Georgia State University, Atlanta, U.S.A.
2019: Eric Yu, professor, University of Toronto, Canada.
2020: Matthias Jarke, Professor, RWTH Aachen University, Germany and Chairman, Fraunhofer ICT Group.
2021: Sudha Ram, Anheuser-Busch Professor of MIS, Entrepreneurship and Innovation, University of Arizona, U.S.A.


== Peter Chen Big Data Young Researcher Award ==
To recognize Chen's pioneering role and contributions in building the foundation for big data modeling and analysis, the "Peter Chen Big Data Young Researcher Award" was established in 2015 by the Service Society  and the steering committee of eight co-located IEEE Conferences (IEEE ICWS/SCC/CLOUD/MS/BigDataCongress/SERVICES), to honor a very promising young big data researcher each year in the IEEE Big Data Congress and co-located conferences, starting from IEEE BigData 2015 Congress.  The Peter Chen Big Data Young Researcher Award winners are:

2015: Yi Chen, associate professor, New Jersey Institute of Technology, U.S.A.
2016: Wei Tan, Research Staff Member, IBM Thomas J. Watson Research Center, Yorktown Heights, NY USA.
2017: Ilkay Altintas, Chief Data Science Officer, San Diego Supercomputer Center, Univ. of California, San Diego, USA.


== Work ==


=== Entity–relationship modeling and conceptual data modeling ===
The entity–relationship model serves as the foundation of many systems analysis and design methodologies, computer-aided software engineering (CASE) tools, and repository systems. The ER model is the basis for IBM's Repository Manager/MVS and DEC's CDD/Plus.
Chen's original paper is commonly cited as the definitive reference for entity relationship modeling though the concept of object relationship had been developed a year earlier by Schmid and Swenson as reported in the 1975 ACM SIGMOD Proceedings [1]. Chen is one of the pioneers of using entity–relationship concepts in software and information system modeling and design. Before Chen's paper, the basic entity–relationship ideas were used mostly informally by practitioners. Chen first published an abstract and presented his ER model in the First Very Large Database Conference in September 1975, the same year of a paper with similar concepts written by A. P. G. Brown. Chen's main contributions are formalizing the concepts, developing a theory with a set of data definition and manipulation operations, and specifying the translation rules from the ER model to several major types of databases (including the Relational Database).  He also popularized the model and introduced it to the academic literature.
The ER model was adopted as the meta-model ANSI Standard in Information Resource Directory System (IRDS), and the ER approach has been ranked at the top methodology for database design and one of the top methodologies in systems development by several surveys of Fortune 500 companies.


=== Computer-aided software engineering ===
Chen's work is a cornerstone of software engineering, in particular computer-aided software engineering (CASE). In the late 1980s and early 1990s, IBM's Application Development Cycle (AD/Cycle) framework and DB2 repository (RM/MVS) were based on the ER model. Other vendors’ repository systems such as Digital's CDD+ were also based on the ER model. Chen has had a significant impact on the CASE industry through his research and his lecturing around the world on structured system development methodologies.  The ER model has influenced most of the major CASE tools, including Computer Associates’ ERWIN, Oracle Corporation’s Designer/2000, and Sybase’s PowerDesigner (and even a general drawing tool like Microsoft Visio), as well as the IDEF1X standard. The ER model is also the basis for Microsoft's ADO.NET Entity Framework.
The hypertext concept, which makes the World Wide Web extremely popular, is very similar to the main concept in the ER model.  Chen investigated this linkage as an invited expert of several XML working groups of the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C).
The ER model also serves as the foundation of some of the recent work on Object-oriented analysis and design methodologies and Semantic Web. The UML modeling language has its roots in the ER model.


=== Computer performance modeling ===
In his early career, he was active in R&D activities in computer system performance.  He was the program chair of an ACM SIGMETRICS conference.  He developed a computer performance model for a major computer vendor. His innovative research results were adopted in commercial computer performance tuning and capacity


=== Memory and storage hierarchy, storage technology, CD-ROM, firmware, and micro-programming ===
His Ph.D. thesis at Harvard was one of the first studies of cost-performance optimization models of multi-level memory/storage hierarchies.  He was also one of the early micro-programmers developing the firmware for a file control unit for an IBM mainframe computer. His article on "CD-ROM" in IEEE Proceedings journal in the 1980s was one of the first articles explaining how CD-ROM worked when CD-ROMs became popular.  He was a co-author of the storage technology article in early versions of a computer encyclopedia book published by McGraw-Hill.


=== Cyber security and terrorist detection ===
In recent years, he led a multidisciplinary research team in developing new efficient and effective techniques in identifying terrorists and malicious cyber transactions.  At CMU, he is active in the R&D activities of CERT Coordination Center and Software Engineering Institute (SEI).


=== Big data, web services, blockchain and Internet of Things (IoT) ===
He is active in research and lecturing on Big Data and emerging technologies.  He was a keynote speaker and a keynote panelist on Big Data at IEEE Conferences.  He was the 2014 program chair, the 2015–16 conference chair, and the 2017 honorary chair of the IEEE BigData Congresses. He is the chair of the 2018 IEEE ICWS Conference and the chair of the Blockchain Panel. He is the general chair of the 2019 IEEE Service Congress, Milan, Italy.


== Publications ==
Peter P. Chen has published many books, papers, and articles.

Books (a selection)2007. Active Conceptual Modeling of Learning: Next Generation Learning-Base System Development. With Leah Y. Wong (Eds.). Springer.
1999. Advances in Conceptual Modeling: ER'99 Workshops on Evolution and Change in Data Management, Reverse Engineering in Information Systems, and the World ... (Lecture Notes in Computer Science). With David W. Embley, Jacques Kouloumdjian, Stephen W. Liddle and John F. Roddick (Eds.) Springer Verlag.
1999. Conceptual Modeling: Current Issues and Future Directions (Lecture Notes in Computer Science) With Jacky Akoka, Hannu Kangassalo, and Bernhard Thalheim.
1985. Data & Knowledge Engineering, Volume 1, Number 1, 1985.
1981. Entity–Relationship Approach to Information Modeling and Analysis.
1980. Entity–Relationship Approach to Systems Analysis and Design. North-Holland.Articles (a selection)1976 (March). Chen, Peter Pin-Shan (1976). "The Entity–Relationship Model – Toward A Unified View of Data". ACM Transactions on Database Systems. 1 (1): 9–36. CiteSeerX 10.1.1.523.6679. doi:10.1145/320434.320440. S2CID 52801746. ISSN 0362-5915.
2002. "Entity–Relationship Modeling: Historical Events, Future Trends, and Lessons Learned". In: Software Pioneers: Contributions to Software Engineering. Broy M. and Denert, E. (eds.), Berlin: Springer-Verlag. Lecture Notes in Computer Sciences, June 2002. pp. 100–114.


== References ==


== External links ==
Home page of Dr. Peter Chen at Louisiana State UniversityJianlin Jack Cheng is the William and Nancy Thompson Missouri Distinguished Professor in the Electrical Engineering and Computer Science (EECS) Department at the University of Missouri, Columbia.  He earned his PhD from the University of California-Irvine in 2006, his MS degree from Utah State University in 2001, and his BS degree from Huazhong University of Science and Technology in 1994.His research interests include bioinformatics, machine learning and data mining. His current research is focused on
protein structure and function prediction, 3D genome structure modeling, biological network construction, and deep learning with applications to big data in biomedical domains.
Dr. Cheng has more than 100 publications in the field of bioinformatics, computational biology, data mining, and machine learning, which have been cited thousands of times according to Google Scholar Citations. His protein structure prediction methods (MULTICOM) supported by the National Institute of Health were consistently ranked among the top methods during the last several rounds of the community-wide Critical Assessment of Techniques for Protein Structure Prediction (CASP). Dr. Cheng was a recipient of 2012 NSF CAREER award for his work on 3D genome structure modeling.

Bibliography (selected recent publications)
1. X. Deng, J. Cheng. Enhancing HMM-Based Protein Profile-Profile Alignment with Structural Features and Evolutionary Coupling Information. BMC Bioinformatics. 15:252, 2014. paper
2. T. Jo, J. Cheng. Improving Protein Fold Recognition by Random Forest. BMC Bioinformatics. 15(S11):S14, 2014. paper
3. R. Cao, Z. Wang, Y. Wang, J. Cheng. SMOQ: a tool for predicting the absolute residue-specific quality of a single protein model with support vector machines. BMC Bioinformatics, 15:120, 2014. paper
4. T. Trieu, J. Cheng. Large-scale reconstruction of 3D structures of human chromosomes from chromosomal contact data. Nucleic Acids Research. 42(7):e52, 2014. paper
5. L. Sun, A.F. Johnson, J. Li, A.S. Lambdin, J. Cheng, J.A. Birchler. Differential effect of aneuploidy on the X chromosome and genes with sex-biased expression in Drosophila. Proceeding of National Academy of Sciences (P.N.A.S), USA. 110(41):16514-9, 2013. paper
6. M. Zhu, J. Dahmen, G. Stacey, J. Cheng. Predicting gene regulatory networks of soybean nodulation from RNA-Seq transcriptome data. BMC Bioinformatics. 14:278, 2013. paper
7. J. Eickholt, J. Cheng. A Study and Extension of DNcon: a Method for Protein Residue-Residue Contact Prediction Using Deep Networks. BMC Bioinformatics. 14(Suppl 14):S12, 2013. paper
8. D. Bhattacharya, J. Cheng. i3Drefine Software for Protein 3D Structure Refinement and its Assessment in CASP10. PLoS ONE. 8(7):e69648, 2013. paper
9. J. Eickholt, J. Cheng. DNdisorder: Predicting Protein Disorder Using Boosting and Deep Networks. BMC Bioinformatics. 14:88, 2013. paper
10. J. Li, X. Deng, J. Eickholt, J. Cheng. Designing and Benchmarking the MULTICOM Protein Structure Prediction System. BMC Structural Biology. 13:2, 2013. paper
11. Z. Wang, R. Cao, K. Taylor, A. Briley, C. Caldwell, J. Cheng. The Properties of Genome Conformation and Spatial Gene Interaction and Regulation Networks of Normal and Malignant Human Cell Types. PLoS ONE. 8(3):e58793, 2013. paper
12. P. Radivojac, W. Clark, T.B. Oron, A.M. Schnoes, T. Wittkop, A. Sokolov, K. Graim, C. Funk, K. Verspoor, A. Ben-Hur, G. Pandey, J.M. Yunes, A.S. Talwakar, S. Repo, M.L. Souza, D. Piovesan, R. Casadio, Z. Wang, J. Cheng, H. Fang, J. Gough, P. Koskinen, P. Toronen, J. Nokso-Koivisto, L. Holm, D. Cozzetto, D.W. Buchan, K. Bryson, D.T. Jones, B. Limaye, H. Inamdar, A. Datta, S.K. Manjari, R. Joshi, M. Chitale, D. Kihara, A.M. Lisewski, S. Erdin, E. Venner, O. Lichtarge, R. Rentzsch, H. Yang, A.E. Romero, P. Bhat, A. Paccanaro, T. Hamp, R. Kassner, S. Seemayer, E. Vicedo, C. Schaefer, D. Achten, F. Auer, A. Bohm, T. Braun, M. Hecht, M. Heron, P. Honigschmid, T. Hopf, S. Kaufmann, M. Kiening, D. Krompass, C. Landerer, Y. Mahlich, M. Roos, J. Bjorne, T. Salakoski, A. Wong, H. Shatkay, M.N. Wass, M.J.E. Sternberg, N. Skunca, F. Supek, M. Bosnjak, P. Panov, S. Dzeroski, T. Smuc, Y.A.I. Kourmpetis, A.D.J. van Dijk, C.J.F. ter Braak, Y. Zhou, Q. Gong, X. Dong, W. Tian, M. Falda, P. Fontana, E. Lavezzo, B.D. Camillo, S. Toppo, L. Lan, N. Djuric, Y. Guo, S. Vucetic, A. Bairoch, M. Linial, P.C. Babbitt, S.E. Brenner, C. Orengo, B. Rost, S.D. Mooney, I. Friedberg. A Large-Scale Evaluation of Computational Protein Function Prediction. Nature Methods. 10(13):221-7, 2013. paper
13. D. Bhattacharya, J. Cheng. 3DRefine: Consistent Protein Structure Refinement by Optimizing Hydrogen Bonding Network and Atomic Level Energy Minimization. Proteins, 81(1):119-31, 2013. paper
14. J. Eickholt, J. Cheng. Predicting Protein Residue-Residue Contacts Using Deep Networks and Boosting. Bioinformatics. 28(23):3066-3072, 2012. paper
15. M. Zhu, X. Deng, T. Joshi, D. Xu, G. Stacey, J. Cheng. Reconstructing Differentially Co-expressed Gene Modules and Regulatory Networks of Soybean Cells. BMC Genomics, 13:434, 2012.  paper
16. J. Cheng, J. Li, Z. Wang, J. Eickholt, X. Deng. The MULTICOM Toolbox for Protein Structure Prediction. BMC Bioinformatics, 13:65, 2012. paper


== External links ==
Dr. Cheng's Laboratory homepage.Maggie Xiaoyan Cheng (Chinese: 程晓燕) is an applied mathematician, computer scientist, and network scientist who works as a professor of applied mathematics at the Illinois Institute of Technology, where she directs the Center for Interdisciplinary Scientific Computation. Her research interests include wireless ad hoc networks and user modeling in computer security.


== Education and career ==
Cheng has a bachelor's and master's degree from the Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics. She completed a Ph.D. in computer science and engineering in 2003 from the University of Minnesota. Her dissertation, Resource efficiency in ad hoc wireless networks: problems and solutions, was supervised by Ding-Zhu Du.After completing her doctorate, she became an assistant professor of computer science at the Missouri University of Science and Technology. She moved to the Martin Tuchman School of Management of the New Jersey Institute of Technology in 2016, and moved again to the Illinois Institute of Technology in 2018, succeeding Fred Hickernell as director of the Center for Interdisciplinary Scientific Computation. There, she was promoted to full professor in 2020.


== References ==


== External links ==
Home page
Maggie Cheng publications indexed by Google ScholarChengXiang Zhai is a computer scientist. He is a professor and Willett Faculty Scholar at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
He holds a Ph.D. in Computer Science from Nanjing University in 1990, and a Ph.D. in Language and Information Technologies from Carnegie Mellon University in 2002.
Zhai was named a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery in 2017 "for contributions to information retrieval and text data mining".


== References ==Gary Chevsky (born 11 September 1972 in Odessa, USSR) is an American entrepreneur, engineer and was the founding architect of Ask.com. He served as President at Tango mobile video and audio-over-IP calling service for consumers, before founding a Social Virtual Reality company StayUp Inc.


== Career ==
In 1992, Chevsky was hired by Garrett Gruener, fellow Berkeley grad and eventual co-founder, to help write programing for the Ask Jeeves concept site. After parting ways, he went on to work for Informix before reconnecting with Gruener in 1995. From 1995 to 2006, Chevsky worked on question answering and information-retrieval technologies at Ask Jeeves (now Ask.com). Subsequently, he served as Vice President of Engineering at Symantec Corporation in its Consumer Business Unit (known for its Norton brand), developing web security technologies such as Norton Safe Web. From 2009 to 2011, he served as Vice President of Product Development, Operations & IT for YouSendIt (now Hightail). In July 2011, Chevsky was hired at Tango.me, a video calling company, to oversee engineering. Chevsky went on to become the President of Tango, which during his tenure grew from less than 10 million to over 400 million users worldwide. In 2017, Chevsky envisioned the future of video communication in Virtual Reality and started an effort at Tango around Social VR, eventually leading the spin-off of the project into a stand-alone company StayUp Inc., with Chevsky as founder and CEO. StayUp was acquired in 2018 by IMVU, a social 3D world company, with Chevsky coming onboard as an executive advisor. In 2021, he joined RingCentral as Vice President of Collaboration.


== Personal life ==
He immigrated to the United States in 1988 and settled in San Francisco, California. Chevsky studied Computer Science at the University of California Berkeley. He holds 5 patents  in the area of natural language processing and search/information retrieval, and is also featured  in the Search Engine exhibit in the Computer History Museum in Mountain View, CA.


== References ==Mung Chiang (born 1977) is an American engineering researcher/educator, technology entrepreneur, university leader, and foreign policy official. He is both Executive Vice President of Purdue University and the John A. Edwardson Dean of its College of Engineering. Previously he was the Arthur LeGrand Doty Professor of Electrical Engineering at Princeton University, and an affiliated faculty in applied and computational mathematics and in computer science.


== Education and career ==
Mung Chiang received his secondary education at Queen's College, Hong Kong.  He then received a B.S. (Hons.) in both electrical engineering and mathematics in 1999, M.S. in electrical engineering in 2000, and a Ph.D. in electrical engineering in 2003 at Stanford University. Chiang became an assistant professor at Princeton University in 2004, an associate professor with tenure in 2008, a professor in 2011, and the Arthur LeGrand Doty Professor of Electrical Engineering in 2013. He is among the youngest faculty at Princeton University to become an endowed chair professor. In 2017 Chiang was named dean of the College of Engineering at Purdue University. At age 40, he is among the youngest in modern history to become the leader of a major college in an American university. In 2021, he was named Executive Vice President of Purdue University while continuing as Dean of College of Engineering. 


== Awards ==
In 2013, Chiang became the 38th recipient of the Alan T. Waterman Award, the highest honor to young scientists in U.S. and administered by the National Science Foundation (NSF) and the National Science Board (NSB). He is the only researcher in the field of networking to receive the Waterman Award. In 2020, he was elected to the U.S. National Academy of Inventors and the Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences. In 2014, Chiang was selected as a Guggenheim Fellow in natural and social sciences. In 2012, he received the IEEE Kiyo Tomiyasu Award from the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). He is the youngest recipient of an IEEE-wide Technical Field Award. Chiang has also received other awards on research and education, including Frederick Emmons Terman Award in Engineering Education (ASEE) in 2013, INFORMS Information Systems Design Science Award 2014, IEEE SECON Best Paper Award in 2013, IEEE INFOCOM Best Paper Award in 2012, IEEE Fellow in 2012, Presidential Early Career Award for Scientists and Engineers (OSTP) in 2008, Technology Review TR35 Young Innovator Award in 2007 (Technology Review), ONR Young Investigator Award in 2007, NSF CAREER Award in 2005 (NSF), Princeton University H. B. Wentz Junior Faculty Award in 2005, and Hertz Graduate Fellowship in 1999.


== Research ==
Chiang is best known for his work on networks, especially optimization of networks, network utility maximization (NUM) and smart data pricing (SDP). He is known as a founder of the field of fog/edge computing.
Chiang's Ph.D. dissertation in 2003 made contributions to information theory and optimization theory. Since then he has contributed to many areas in networking research, including wireless networks, the Internet, broadband access, content distribution, network function optimization, network economics and social learning networks. In 2009, he founded the Princeton EDGE Lab, which bridges the theory-practice divide in networking research by spanning from proofs to prototypes and is the nation's first laboratory dedicated to edge computing.
He was the chairman of the IEEE Transactions on Network Science and Engineering steering committee in 2013–2014. He co-edited the National Information Technology Research and Development Program's report on Complex Engineered Networks in 2013, and co-chairs the first Fog World Congress Research Program and the IEEE/ACM Symposium on Edge Computing in 2017.


== Teaching and Writing ==
Chiang co-authored a technical undergraduate textbook: Networked Life: 20 Questions and Answers (Cambridge University Press, 2012) and a popular science book The Power of Networks: Six Principles That Connect Our Lives (Princeton University Press, 2016). The first book received the PROSE Awards in Science and Technology Writing in 2013  (AAP). The second book was mentioned in various popular media, such as the (TIME Magazine).
He created an undergraduate course at Princeton University: Networks: Friends, Money, and Bytes in 2011, which led to a Massive Open Online Course in 2012 with about 400,000 enrolled students since 2012.  He received the 2016 Distinguished Teaching Award at Princeton University Engineering School.


== Invention and Entrepreneurship ==
Chiang is an inventor of about 20 issued U.S. patents. He initiated a number of technology transfers from university lab to networking industry in the areas of network optimization, mobile, and big data. He is a co-inventor of various smart data pricing technologies and the deep personalization in e-learning.
He is a co-founder and the first CEO of DataMi, a startup company that enables Open Toll Free mobile data and the Peak Valley Technology globally, a co-founder of Zoomi, a startup company on big data for learning and training, and a co-founder of Smartiply, a startup company on fog networking. He is a member of the advisory board of several other startup companies and technology investment funds.
He is a founding board member of "OpenFog Consortium, a global, non-profit, industry-academia consortium launched in 2015 to develop and promote fog computing and fog networking technologies, based on a concept developed by Chiang, alongside IEEE ComSoc CIO Tao Zhang and Cisco executive Helder Antunes.  The consortium was co-founded by Chiang's Princeton Edge Lab, ARM, Cisco, Dell, Intel and Microsoft, and currently has over 60 member companies and universities from around the world. It merged with Industrial Internet Consortium in 2019.


== University Leadership ==
During 2014-17, he was the Director of the "Keller Center for Innovation in Engineering Education" at Princeton University. In 2014, he was named a New Jersey (non-profit) CEO of the Year by New Jersey Technology Council.
He was the Chair of the Princeton Entrepreneurship Advisory Committee "(PEAC)" in 2014 to make recommendations on the vision, structures, and mechanisms of entrepreneurship at Princeton University. In 2015, he created and was named the inaugural Chairman of the "Princeton Entrepreneurship Council", part of the Princeton University Provost's Office in charge of entrepreneurship and innovation programs. In 2015–17, Princeton University rolled out the first incubator, the first seed investment fund, a New York and Silicon Valley engagement strategy, a certificate program in entrepreneurship, and the Princeton Innovation Center.
On May 1, 2017, Purdue University announced that it has chosen Chiang as the next dean of its College of Engineering. He assumed office on July 1, 2017 as the John A. Edwardson Dean of the College of Engineering at Purdue University. Under his leadership, Purdue Engineering became the largest ever top-5 engineering college in the United States and reached milestones in education, research, fund-raising, physical infrastructure, online learning, industry partnership, economic development, global engagement, diversity and visibility.On April 23, 2021, Purdue University named Chiang as Executive Vice President for Strategic Initiative while he continues to lead College of Engineering simultaneously.


== Foreign Policy Official ==
On December 9, 2019, Chiang was named The Science and Technology Adviser to the Secretary of State (STAS). He took a leave of absence from Purdue University and directed the Office of the Science and Technology Adviser to the Secretary of State, as the first engineer to become the chief scientist and technologist at the United States Department of State. During his tenure at the U.S. Department of State, he launched a range of initiatives in technology diplomacy. In December 2020, he stepped down from this position and returned to Purdue University. 
He is currently serving on the U.S. Government's International Digital Economy and Telecommunications Advisory Committee, and as the Science and Technology Advisor to the State of Indiana. 


== References ==


== External links ==
Chiang homepage
Edge Lab
Network20Q
Networked Life: 20 Questions and Answers
Power of Networks
Smart Data Pricing
Conference on Information Sciences and SystemsRobert Tienwen Chien (November 20, 1931  – December 8, 1983) was an American computer scientist concerned largely with research in information theory, fault-tolerance, and artificial intelligence (AI), director of the Coordinated Science Laboratory (CSL) at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign, and known for his invention of the Chien search and seminal contributions to the PMC model in system level fault diagnosis.


== Biography ==
Robert Tienwen Chien was born in Wuxi, Jiangsu, China as the youngest of eight children, and emigrated to the United States in 1952 to continue his technical studies, enrolling at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign.   He received his B.S. in Electrical Engineering in 1954, and continued graduate studies at Illinois, receiving his A.M in Mathematics in 1957, and his Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering in 1958.
He worked as a research scientist at IBM's Thomas J. Watson Research Center in Yorktown, New York, then the world's leading site for computing research where he rose to the position of Group Manager.  While at IBM, he also taught as an Adjunct Professor at Columbia University, and authored several books on coding theory.   In 1964, he left IBM to join the faculty of the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign as an Associate Professor in Electrical Engineering, rising to the rank of Full Professor in 1966.  In 1969, he served as the E. A. Guillemin Visiting Professor at the University of Maryland, and in 1972, he served as a Visiting Professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.  He was appointed the director of the Coordinated Science Laboratory at Illinois in 1973, a role he held until his death in 1983.In recognition of his contributions to the University of Illinois and his research, the Electrical and Computer Engineering Department of the University of Illinois annually presents the Robert T. Chien Memorial Award for demonstrated research excellence to a PhD candidate in Electrical Engineering
.
In addition, the Coordinated Science Laboratory (CSL) at the University of Illinois also invites extraordinary researchers to give the Robert T. Chien Distinguished Lecture
 each year.  This series has included several Nobel Laureates, and over a dozen members of the National Academies.  Notably, while CSL director, he created an Outstanding Staff Award, the first such recognition of this type at the University of Illinois.   In appreciation that award also bears his name as the Robert T. Chien Staff Appreciation Award, and is awarded each year to an outstanding staff member selected by the staff.


== Contributions in Computer Science ==
Chien is best known for two seminal contributions, the Chien Search, a fast algorithm for determining the roots of a polynomial over a finite field and a model system-level fault diagnosis, known today as the PMC (Preparata-Metze-Chien) model, which is a main issue in the design of highly dependable processing systems. This model is still the object of intense research today (as attested by the literature).


== Awards and affiliations ==
Chien was affiliated with the following organizations:

Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers
Board of Governors, IEEE Information Society
Editorial Board, IEEE Spectrum Magazine
Trustee, National Electronics Conference


== References ==Andrew MacGregor Childs is an American computer scientist and physicist known for his work on quantum computing.
He is currently a Professor in the Department of Computer Science and Institute for Advanced Computer Studies at the University of Maryland. He also co-directs the Joint Center for Quantum Information and Computer Science, a partnership between the University of Maryland and the National Institute of Standards and Technology.


== Biography ==
Andrew Childs received a doctorate in physics from MIT in 2004, advised by Edward Farhi. His thesis was on Quantum Information Processing in Continuous Time. After completing his Ph.D., Childs was a DuBridge Postdoctoral Scholar at the Institute for Quantum Information at the California Institute of Technology from 2004 to 2007.  From 2007 to 2014, he was a faculty member in the Department of Combinatorics and Optimization and the Institute for Quantum Computing at the University of Waterloo. Childs joined the University of Maryland in 2014.  He is also a senior fellow of the Canadian Institute for Advanced Research.


== Research ==
Childs is known for his work on quantum computing, especially on the development of quantum algorithms. He helped to develop the concept of a quantum walk leading to an example of exponential quantum speedup and algorithms for spatial search, formula evaluation, and universal computation. He also developed quantum algorithms for algebraic problems and for simulating quantum systems.


== Selected works ==
A. M. Childs; R. Cleve; E. Deotto; E. Farhi; S. Gutmann & D. A. Spielman (2002). "Exponential algorithmic speedup by a quantum walk". Exponential algorithmic speedup by quantum walk. Proc. Th ACM Symposium on Theory of Computing (STOC ), Pp. Vol. 35. pp. 59–68. arXiv:quant-ph/0209131. doi:10.1145/780542.780552. ISBN 1-58113-674-9. S2CID 308884.
Childs, Andrew M. (2009). "Universal computation by quantum walk". Physical Review Letters. 102 (18): 180501. arXiv:0806.1972. Bibcode:2009PhRvL.102r0501C. doi:10.1103/PhysRevLett.102.180501. PMID 19518851. S2CID 21293797.
Childs, Andrew M.; Farhi, Edward; Preskill, John (2001). "Robustness of adiabatic quantum computation". Physical Review A. 65 (2002): 012322. arXiv:quant-ph/0108048. Bibcode:2002PhRvA..65a2322C. doi:10.1103/PhysRevA.65.012322. S2CID 6476505.
Ambainis, Andris; Childs, Andrew M.; Reichardt, Ben W.; Spalek, Robert; Zhang, Shengyu (2007). "Any AND-OR Formula of Size N can be Evaluated in time N^{1/2 + o(1)} on a Quantum Computer". 48th Annual IEEE Symposium on Foundations of Computer Science (FOCS'07). pp. 2513–2530. doi:10.1109/FOCS.2007.57. ISBN 978-0-7695-3010-9. S2CID 7831233.
Childs, Andrew M.; Gosset, David; Webb, Zak (2013). "Universal computation by multi-particle quantum walk". Science. 339 (6121): 791–794. arXiv:1205.3782. Bibcode:2013Sci...339..791C. doi:10.1126/science.1229957. PMID 23413349. S2CID 6727005.
Berry, Dominic W.; Childs, Andrew M.; Cleve, Richard; Kothari, Robin; Somma, Rolando D. (2013). "Exponential improvement in precision for simulating sparse Hamiltonians". Proceedings of the 46th Annual ACM Symposium on Theory of Computing – STOC '14. Vol. 46. pp. 283–292. arXiv:1312.1414. doi:10.1145/2591796.2591854. ISBN 978-1-4503-2710-7. S2CID 382473.
Childs, Andrew M. (2010). "On the relationship between continuous- and discrete-time quantum walk". Communications in Mathematical Physics. 294 (2): 581–603. arXiv:0810.0312. Bibcode:2010CMaPh.294..581C. doi:10.1007/s00220-009-0930-1. S2CID 14801066.


== References ==


== External links ==
Childs's homepage
Joint Center for Quantum Information and Computer ScienceDavid L. Childs is a computer scientist noted for his work on his Extended Set Theoretic approach to data base management and cited by Edgar F. Codd in his key paper "A Relational Model of Data for Large Shared Data Banks".


== Biography ==
The late 1960s saw Childs working on the CONCOMP project for Research in Conversational Use of Computers under project director Franklin H. Westervelt.Childs proposed the Extended Set Theoretic approach to data base management in 1968 in his paper Feasibility of a set-theoretical data structure based on a reconstituted definition of relation.  The MICRO Relational Database Management System which was implemented in 1970 was based on Childs' Set-Theoretic Data Structure (STDS) work.In 1970 Codd in his key paper on relational databases, A Relational Model of Data for Large Shared Data Banks, cited one of Childs' 1968 papers as part of the basis for the work.In 1985 Childs formed Integrated Information Systems with object of focusing on the rapid integration and access of highly distributed disparate data and providing software and services to assist in handling this class of problem.


== References ==


=== Bibliography ===
"Description of a set-theoretic data structure" (PDF). CONCOMP (Research in Conversational Use of Computers) Project. Vol. Technical Report 3. University of Michigan. 1968a. Archived (PDF) from the original on 21 May 2020.
"Feasibility of a set-theoretic data structure: a general structure based on a reconstituted definition" (PDF). CONCOMP (Research in Conversational Use of Computers) Project. Vol. Technical Report 6. University of Michigan. 1968b. Archived from the original on 21 May 2020.Frederic (Fred) T. Chong is an American computer scientist known for research in computer architecture, quantum computing, and computer security.Born in New Brunswick, New Jersey, Chong received a BS in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from MIT in 1990 and a PhD in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from MIT in 1996, with Prof. Anant Agarwal as his thesis adviser.
Chong served in faculty positions at University of California, Davis and University of California, Santa Barbara before joining the University of Chicago faculty in 2015 as the Seymour Goodman Professor of Computer Architecture. He is the lead PI of EPiQC, an NSF Expeditions in Computing program on Quantum Computing.


== Awards ==
2019: Intel Outstanding Researcher Award.
2002: University of California, Davis Chancellor's Fellow.
2013: Named an ACM Distinguished Member.


== References ==


== External links ==
University of Chicago: Frederic T. Chong, Department of Computer Science
Frederic T. Chong publications indexed by Google ScholarVivian Chu (born c. 1987) is an American roboticist and entrepreneur, specializing in the field of human-robot interaction. She is Chief Technology Officer at Diligent Robotics, a company she co-founded in 2017 for creating autonomous, mobile, socially intelligent robots.


== Early life and education ==
Chu was born in San Jose, California. Growing up, she lived with her parents, who were both software engineers, and her grandparents.She received her bachelor's degree in electrical engineering and computer science from the University of California, Berkeley in 2009. During her time at Berkeley, she worked as a research assistant in the lab of Dennis K. Lieu, where she worked on integrated flywheels in triple hybrid drive trains. Upon graduation, she worked for IBM Almaden Research, an innovation lab for disruptive technology, where her research centered on natural language processing and intelligent information integration.In 2011, Chu left IBM Almaden to pursue a master's degree at the University of Pennsylvania. At Penn, she worked under the mentorship of Katherine Kuchenbecker in the Haptics Research Group as a part of the GRASP Lab. She focused on haptic technology to enable robots to both interact with their environment and understand the abstract terms that humans would use to describe the feeling of that interaction. For example, a human may say a carpet is fuzzy, but Chu's algorithms would enable a robot to sense the rug, perform a computation, and also associate that “feeling” with the adjective or descriptor of fuzzy. Chu and her colleagues were able to train PR2 robots equipped with haptic sensors to touch objects and relate the information from the sensor with the human-provided adjective for the haptic quality of the object. The robot was able to learn these associations and then later generalize its learning to objects it had not yet touched and provide an adjective descriptor similar to one a human might use.  This work were reported in Chu's first author paper in 2013, which was awarded Best Paper in Cognitive Robotics at the IEEE International Conference on Robotics.After completing her Master's in 2013, Chu had a summer internship at Honda Research Institute and continued graduate training at Georgia Tech. She worked towards a PhD in Robotics under the mentorship of Andrea L. Thomaz in the Socially Intelligent Machines Lab and under the mentorship of Sonia Chernova in the Robot Autonomy and Interactive Learning Lab. Her work focused on building algorithms that enable robots to reason about action effects and interact with their environments in an adaptable way. Chu was inspired by a talk in developmental psychology discussing how children learn to interact with their environments. She figured that she could approach robot learning in this way as well, giving robots the basic building blocks of cognition so that they could play with objects in the environment and learn the appropriate ways to interact with them. Chu based her design on applying human-guided robot self-exploration to learn affordances. She built algorithms that enabled robots with both self guided and supervised learning of the affordances of objects in the environment, and showed that the combination of both self and supervised learning allows for the best robot performance. Chu and Thomaz filed a patent in 2017 for this technology, which is also when she completed her PhD.


== Career and research ==
In 2015, Chu spent one summer as an intern at Google[x] under the mentorship of Leila Takayama. She then began working alongside Andrea Thomaz to create a company to build socially intelligent robots that can assist people with chores at work and home. In 2017, they co-founded Diligent Robotics. After graduating from her PhD in 2018, she became the full-time Chief Technology Officer at the firm. She now leads a diverse team of roboticists who build robots that feature autonomous mobile manipulation, social intelligence, and human-guided learning abilities, inspired by Chu's graduate discoveries.


=== Diligent Robotics ===
Diligent Robotics' first clinical assistant was Poli,  a one-arm robot that was able to pre-fetch supply kits to allow nursing staff to spend more time with patients. Poli was piloted at Seton Medical Center at the University of Texas in Austin. The firm's second healthcare support robot, Moxi, is a refurbished and updated version of Poli. It possesses more human-like features including a face that can visually communicate social cues and a head and torso.


== Awards and honors ==
2013 Best paper in cognitive robotics IEEE International Conference on Robotics
2014 Google Anita Borg Memorial Scholarship
2016 Paper on Human-Guided Robot Self-Exploration nominated for Best Technical Advance in Human-Robot Interaction
2019 MIT Technology Review 35 Innovators Under 35
2021 Fast Company Queer 50


== Depiction in media ==
2020: The Future of Science is Female by Zara Stone


== Select publications ==
Bin Liu, Laura Chiticariu, Vivian Chu, H. V. Jagadish, and Frederick R. Reiss, "Refining Information Extraction Rules Using Data Provenance", IEEE Data Engineering Bulletin, 2010.
Vivian Chu, Ian McMahon, Lorenzo Riano, Craig G. McDonald, Qin He, Jorge M. Perez-Tejada, Michael Arrigo, Naomi Fitter, John C. Nappo, Trevor Darrell, Katherine J. Kuchenbecker. "Using Robotic Exploratory Procedures to Learn the Meaning of Haptic Adjectives", IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation (ICRA), 2013.
Vivian Chu, Kalesha Bullard, Andrea L. Thomaz, "Multimodal Real-time Contingency Detection for HRI", IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS), 2014
Vivian Chu, Ian McMahon, Lorenzo Riano, Craig G. McDonald, Qin He, Jorge M. Perez-Tejada, Michael Arrigo, Trevor Darrell, Katherine J. Kuchenbecker, "Robotic Learning of Haptic Adjectives Through Physical Interaction," Robotics and Autonomous Systems (RAS), 2015
Vivian Chu, Tesca Fitzgerald, Andrea L. Thomaz, "Learning Object Affordances by Leveraging the Combination of Human-Guidance and Self-Exploration", IEEE/ACM International Conference on Human-Robot Interaction (HRI), 2016.
Vivian Chu, Baris Akgun, Andrea L. Thomaz, "Learning Haptic Affordances from Demonstration and Human-Guided Exploration", IEEE Haptics Symposium (HAPTICS), 2016.
Vivian Chu, Andrea L. Thomaz. "Analyzing Differences between Teachers when Learning Object Affordances via Guided-Exploration," International Journal of Robotics Research (IJRR), 2017.


== References ==Leon Ong Chua (; Chinese: 蔡少棠; pinyin: Cài Shǎotáng; Wade–Giles: Ts'ai Shao-t'ang; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Chhòa Siáu-tông; born June 28, 1936) is an American electrical engineer and computer scientist. He is a professor in the electrical engineering and computer sciences department at the University of California, Berkeley, which he joined in 1971. He has contributed to nonlinear circuit theory and cellular neural network theory.He is the inventor and namesake of Chua's circuit one of the first and most widely known circuits to exhibit chaotic behavior, and was the first to conceive the theories behind, and postulate the existence of, the memristor. Thirty-seven years after he predicted its existence, a working solid-state memristor was created by a team led by R. Stanley Williams at Hewlett Packard.Alongside Tamas Roska, Chua also introduced the first algorithmically programmable analog cellular neural network (CNN) processor in the world.


== Early life and education ==
A first-generation Filipino-Chinese-American, Chua and his twin sister grew up as members of the Hokkien Chinese ethnic minority in the Philippines under the reign of the Empire of Japan during World War II. Of Hoklo ancestry, his parents immigrated from Jinjiang, Southern Fujian province. In 1959, he earned his BSEE degree from Mapúa Institute of Technology in Manila, Philippines. He briefly taught at Mapúa for a year, before emigrating to the United States on a scholarship to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he earned an MSEE degree in 1961. He then earned a Ph.D from the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign in 1964. His PhD thesis was entitled Nonlinear Network Analysis—The Parametric Approach. Over the ensuing years, he has received eight honorary doctorates.
Chua has four daughters; the eldest, Amy Chua (a Professor of Law at Yale University), Michelle, Katrin (a Professor of Medicine at Stanford University), and Cynthia (Cindy, a Special Olympics Gold medalist). In addition to his four daughters, Chua has seven grandchildren.


== Career ==
Chua was a member of the faculty at Purdue University from 1964 to 1970 before joining Berkeley in 1971. His current research interests include cellular neural networks, nonlinear networks, nonlinear circuits and systems, nonlinear dynamics, bifurcation theory, and chaos theory. He was the editor of The International Journal of Bifurcation and Chaos until 2009, and is now the honorary editor.


== Awards and honors ==
Member of the Academy of Europe, http://www.ae-info.org/ae/User/Chua_Leon
Doctor Honoris Causa from the École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne, Switzerland (1983) 
Honorary Doctorate from the University of Tokushima, Japan (1984)
Honorary Doctorate from the Technische Universität Dresden, Germany (1992)
Doctor Honoris Causa from the Technical University of Budapest, Hungary (1994)
Doctor Honoris Causa from the University of Santiago de Compostela, Spain (1995)
Doctor Honoris Causa from the Goethe University Frankfurt, Germany (1996)
Doctor Honoris Causa from the Gheorghe Asachi Technical University of Iaşi, Romania (1997)
Doctor Honoris Causa from the University of Catania, Italy (2000)
Doctor Honoris Causa from the AGH University of Science and Technology, Poland (2003)
Doctor Honoris Causa from the University of Le Havre, France (2009)
Doctor Honoris Causa from the KU Leuven, Belgium (2013)
Doctor of Science Honoris Causa from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University, Hong Kong (2014)
Doctor Honoris Causa from the Polytechnic University of Turin, Italy (2015)
IEEE Browder J. Thompson Memorial Prize Award (1967) 
IEEE Guillemin-Cauer Award (1972, 1985, 1989) 
IEEE W.R.G. Baker Prize Paper Award (1973), for the paper  "Memristor: The Missing Circuit Element" in IEEE TRANSACTIONS on Circuit Theory, September 1971 
IEEE Neural Networks Pioneer Award (2000) 
IEEE Gustav Robert Kirchhoff Award (2005), For seminal contributions to the foundation of nonlinear circuit theory, and for inventing Chua's Circuit and Cellular Networks, each spawning a new research area. 
M. E. Van Valkenburg Award (1995 and 1998)
IEEE Circuits and Systems Society Vitold Belevitch Award (2007), For seminal contributions to nonlinear circuit theory, the first mathematically proven physical implementation of Chaos (Chua circuit), the local activity principle as the root of complexity, the cellular neural/nonlinear network principle and basic theory, and the qualitative theory of complexity in 1D cellular automata.
2010 Guggenheim Fellowship


== References ==


== External links ==
Official websiteKrzysztof J. Cios (born 1950) is a Professor and Chair of the Department of Computer Science, School of Engineering, Virginia Commonwealth University (VCU), located in Richmond, Virginia. His research is focused on machine learning, data mining, and biomedical informatics.


== Biography ==
Krzysztof J. Cios, a Polish-American computer scientist, was born in Dębica, Poland. He earned his M.S. degree in electrical engineering and his Ph.D. degree in computer science, both from the AGH University of Science and Technology, Kraków, Poland. Cios also earned his D.Sc. (habilitation) degree from the Polish Academy of Sciences, Warsaw and an M.B.A. degree from the University of Toledo, Ohio.
Cios first worked at the Tadeusz Kościuszko University of Technology, Kraków, and also the International Atomic Energy Agency, Vienna, Austria. After moving to the U.S. in the 1980s he worked at the Electrical Engineering and Computer Science Department at the University of Toledo (UT). At UT he co-founded Department of Bioengineering and served as its Acting Chair before moving to Colorado. He also worked as a Visiting Scientist at NASA Glenn Research Center, Cleveland, Ohio. He then served as Chair of the Computer Science and Engineering Department at the University of Colorado Denver where he was instrumental in starting its Ph.D. program in Computer Science and Information Systems and getting its first-ever ABET accreditation. While in Colorado, he consulted for Lockheed Martin and Raytheon companies and was Affiliated Professor of Computer Science at the University of Colorado Boulder, where he was advisor of two doctoral students. He has also worked as a Visiting Professor at the Complutense University of Madrid, Spain, and at the Muroran Institute of Technology, Japan.  Currently he serves as Chair of the Computer Science Department at VCU. He started a dual Ph.D. degree program in computer science between VCU and the University of Cordoba (UCO), Spain; students who meet requirements of both universities and perform research at the other university earn two Ph.D. degrees: from VCU and UCO.  He also serves as Director of Enterprise Informatics, Office of the Vice President for Research and Innovation.
Cios has co-authored three books and over 200 journal and conference papers. His main contributions are in the areas of machine learning, computational neuroscience, and data mining; his book on the latter subject was the first one published in the U.S. (1998) and his article on uniqueness of medical data mining is frequently cited. In the area of neuroinformatics, he co-defined with Kevin Staley (Harvard Medical School) and others a dynamic Synaptic Activity Plasticity Rule, which in contrast to other plasticity rules is continuous and dynamic as it uses actual post-synaptic potential function to modify connection strength between neurons. Some of the machine learning algorithms developed with his students, such as CAIM and ur-CAIM discretization algorithms and rule algorithms for single-instance (DataSqueezer), multiple-instance (mi-DS) and one-class (OneClass-DS) learning, became popular and were implemented in open-source software platforms.
During his academic career Cios has served as primary advisor to 15 Ph.D. students and 20 M.S. students. The former work at universities in the U.S. (one as endowed chair of data science), Australia, Thailand and Vietnam, as post-doctoral researchers at NIH, and at companies such as Google, NASA, General Motors, and Procter & Gamble.
His research has been funded by the National Institutes of Health, NASA, National Science Foundation, Colorado Institute of Technology, American College of Cardiology, Ohio Aerospace Institute, U.S. Air Force, and NATO.
Cios has been the recipient of the Norbert Wiener Outstanding Paper Award (Kybernetes), the University of Toledo Outstanding Faculty Research Award, the Neurocomputing Best Paper Award and the Fulbright Senior Scholar Award. Cios is listed by the Kosciuszko Foundation as one of the eminent scientists of Polish origin and ancestry, is a Foreign Member of the Polish Academy of Arts and Sciences, and a Fellow of the American Institute for Medical and Biological Engineering.


== Works ==
KJ Cios; W Pedrycz; R Swiniarski; LA Kurgan (Oct 5, 2007). Data Mining: A Knowledge Discovery Approach. Springer Science & Business Media. p. 606. ISBN 978-0-3873-6795-8.
KJ Cios, ed. (Jan 12, 2001). Medical Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery. Physica-Verlag HD. p. 496. ISBN 978-3-7908-1340-1.
KJ Cios; W Pedrycz; R Swiniarski (Aug 31, 1998). Data Mining Methods for Knowledge Discovery. Springer US. p. 495. ISBN 978-0-7923-8252-2.


== References ==


== External links ==
His academic home pageJudith A. Clapp (born 1930) is a computer scientist who began her career at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and subsequently moved to the Lincoln Laboratory and then to MITRE, where she was a leader in the Semi-Automatic Ground Environment (SAGE) military project, including the development of the SAGE computer.


== Early life and education ==
Clapp was born in 1930 and was raised in Long Island, New York. She received her bachelor's degree in math and physics in 1951 from Smith College and her master's degree in applied science (which she described as the closest match to computer science available at the time) in 1952 from Radcliffe College, then a women's affiliate of Harvard University.


== Career ==
After graduating from Radcliffe Clapp began work at MIT, the only woman among the early programmers of the Whirlwind I, the first real-time computer. The Whirlwind, a vacuum tube computer, had originally been commissioned by the United States Navy but was subsequently financed by the Air Force for the Semi-Automatic Ground Environment (SAGE) project. Clapp continued to work on the project after its transfer to the Lincoln Laboratory and later to the MITRE Corporation, eventually becoming a Senior Principal Software Systems Engineer at MITRE. After the SAGE project Clapp continued to work in management at MITRE and participated in the Department of Defense Working Group that led to the development of the Ada programming language.


== Legacy ==
Clapp's work is regarded as important groundwork for the development of software engineering as a discipline. She was involved in early professional organizations for women in computing and is recognized as a pioneer among women in the field. Clapp received an Achievement Award from the Society of Women Engineers in 2001. In 2005, she received the Smith College Medal. Her work and thoughts on working on the SAGE project were also discussed in the book Recoding Gender: Women's Changing Participation in Computing.


== References ==


== External links ==
Reflections on SAGE: MIT Lincoln Laboratory interviews Clapp and other major players in the SAGE projectDavid Dana "Dave" Clark (born April 7, 1944) is an American computer scientist and Internet pioneer who has been involved with Internet developments since the mid-1970s. He currently works as a Senior Research Scientist at MIT's Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (CSAIL).


== Education ==
He graduated from Swarthmore College in 1966. In 1968, he received his Master's and Engineer's degrees in Electrical Engineering from MIT, where he worked on the I/O architecture of Multics under Jerry Saltzer.  He received his Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering from MIT in 1973.


== Career ==
From 1981 to 1989, he acted as chief protocol architect in the development of the Internet, and chaired the Internet Activities Board, which later became the Internet Architecture Board. He has also served as chairman of the Computer Sciences and Telecommunications Board of the National Research Council. 
In 1990 he was awarded the SIGCOMM Award in recognition of his major contributions to Internet protocol and architecture. Clark received in 1998 the IEEE Richard W. Hamming Medal.In 1996, Clark was elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering for the design and development of efficient implementation techniques for Internet protocols. In 2001, he was inducted as a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery. 
Also in 2001, he was awarded the Telluride Tech Festival Award of Technology in Telluride, Colorado, and in 2011 the Internet & Society Lifetime Achievement Award from the Oxford Internet Institute at the Oxford University.
His recent research interests include what the architecture of the Internet will look like in the post-PC era as well as "extensions to the Internet to support real-time traffic, explicit allocation of service, pricing and related economic issues, and policy issues surrounding local loop employment".


== Legacy ==
Clark has been credited with a popular statement in the computer science realm: 

We reject: kings, presidents, and voting. We believe in: rough consensus and running code. -David Clark 1992
In 1999, law professor Lawrence Lessig stated that “rough consensus and running
code” had broad significance as “a manifesto that will define our generation.” Clarks new ethos of consensus has become a widely used methodology software development today and replaced a more top down approach that existed in the 80s.


== Selected publications ==
David D. Clark, "An Input/Output Architecture for Virtual Memory Computer Systems", Ph.D. dissertation, Project MAC Technical Report 117, January 1974
L. W. McKnight, W. Lehr, David D. Clark (eds.), Internet Telephony, MIT Press, 2001, ISBN 0-262-13385-7
David D. Clark, "The Design Philosophy of the DARPA Internet Protocols", Computer Communications Review 18:4, August 1988, pp. 106–114
R. Braden, David D. Clark, S. Shenker, and J. Wroclawski, "Developing a Next-Generation Internet Architecture", ISI white paper, 2000
David D. Clark, K. Sollins, J. Wroclawski, R. Braden, "Tussle in Cyberspace: Defining Tomorrow’s Internet", Proceedings of SIGCOMM 2002, ACM Press, 2002
David D. Clark, K. Sollins, J. Wroclawski, and T. Faber, "Addressing Reality: An Architectural Response to Real-World Demands on the Evolving Internet", ACM SIGGCOMM 2003 Workshops, Karlsruhe, August 2003


== Notes ==


== External links ==
David D. Clark's official biography
List of online papers of David D. Clark
MIT homepage of David D. Clark featuring publication list, working papers, biography, etc.
David D. Clark at the Mathematics Genealogy ProjectJames Henry Clark (born March 23, 1944) is an American entrepreneur and computer scientist. He founded several notable Silicon Valley technology companies, including Silicon Graphics, Inc., Netscape Communications Corporation, myCFO, and Healtheon. His research work in computer graphics led to the development of systems for the fast rendering of three-dimensional computer images.
In 1998, Clark was elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering for the development of computer graphics and for technical leadership in the computer industry.


== Early life and education ==
Clark was born in Plainview, Texas, on March 23, 1944. He dropped out of high school at 16 and spent four years in the Navy, where he was introduced to electronics. Clark began taking night courses at Tulane University's University College where, despite his lack of a high school diploma, he was able to earn enough credits to be admitted to the University of New Orleans. There, Clark earned his bachelor's and a master's degrees in physics, followed by a PhD in computer science from the University of Utah in 1974.


== Career ==


=== Academia ===
After completing his PhD, Clark worked at NYIT's Computer Graphics Lab, serving as an assistant professor at the University of California, Santa Cruz, from 1974 to 1978, and then as an associate professor of electrical engineering at Stanford University from 1979 to 1982. Clark's research work concerned geometry pipelines, specialized software or hardware that accelerates the display of three dimensional images. The peak of his group's advancements was the Geometry Engine, an early hardware accelerator for rendering computer images based on geometric models which he developed in 1979 with his students at Stanford.


=== Silicon Graphics, Inc. ===
In 1982, Clark along with several Stanford graduate students founded Silicon Graphics, Inc. (SGI). The earliest Silicon Graphics graphical workstations were mainly terminals, but they were soon followed by stand-alone graphical Unix workstations with very fast graphics rendering hardware. In the mid-1980s, Silicon Graphics began to use the MIPS CPU as the foundation of their newest workstations, replacing the Motorola 68000.
By 1991, Silicon Graphics had become the world leader in the production of Hollywood movie visual effects and 3-D imaging. Silicon Graphics focused on the high-end market where they could charge a premium for their special hardware and graphics software.Clark had differences of opinion with Silicon Graphics management regarding the future direction of the company, and departed in late January 1994.


=== Netscape ===
In February 1994, Clark sought out Marc Andreessen who had led the development of Mosaic, the first widely distributed and easy-to-use software for browsing the World Wide Web, while employed at the National Center for Supercomputing Applications (NCSA).  Clark and Andreessen founded Netscape, and developed the Netscape Navigator web browser. The founding of Netscape and its IPO in August 1995 launched the Internet boom on Wall Street during the mid-to-late 1990s. Clark's initial investment in Netscape was $4 million in 1994; he exited with $1.2 billion when Netscape was acquired by AOL in 1999.


=== Healtheon/WebMD ===
In 1995, Clark became interested in streamlining the paperwork associated with the health-care industry. The resulting start-up, Healtheon, was founded in early 1996 with backing from Kleiner Perkins and New Enterprise Associates. Although Clark's original idea of eliminating the paperwork and bureaucracy associated with medical care was ambitious, it did lead to successes in administrative streamlining of medical records technology. However, an Atlanta, Georgia startup company, WebMD  originally focused on medical content was also making similar in-roads. Knowing WebMD had financial backing from Microsoft, Clark decided to merge Healtheon with the original WebMD to form the WebMD Corporation (NASDAQ: WBMD). WebMD is a leader in health information on the Internet.


=== Other affiliations ===
In 1999, Clark launched myCFO, a company formed to help wealthy Silicon Valley individuals manage their fortunes. In late 2002, while Clark served on the board of directors, most of myCFO's operations were sold to Harris Bank and now operate as Harris myCFO.
Clark was chairman and financial backer of network-security startup Neoteris, founded in 2000, which was acquired by NetScreen in 2003 and subsequently by Juniper Networks.
Clark was a founding director and investor in the biotechnology company DNA Sciences, founded in 1998 to unravel the genetics of common disease using volunteers recruited from the Internet launched August 1, 2000 (see The New York Times).  In 2003, the company was acquired by Genaissance Pharmaceuticals Inc.
Clark was the subject of the 1999 bestseller The New New Thing: A Silicon Valley Story by U.S. author Michael Lewis.
Clark was a notable investor in Kibu.com, an Internet website for teens, which received approximately $22 million in funding. The website shut down in 2000, returning its remaining capital to investors.
Clark coproduced the 2009 movie The Cove. His funding made possible the purchase and covert installation of some high-tech camera and sound-recording equipment required to capture the film's climactic dolphin slaughter. The film addresses the problem of whale and dolphin killing in Taiji, Wakayama, Japan.
Clark sits on the board and is one of the primary investors in the consumer facing mobile technology company Ibotta.In 2017, Clark announced the launch of CommandScape, a cyber secure building management and automation platform.


== Awards ==
Clark received the ACM SIGGRAPH Computer Graphics Achievement Award in 1984. In 1996, he received the Golden Plate Award of the American Academy of Achievement. He was a recipient of the 1997 Kilby International Awards, which honored him for his computer graphics vision and for enabling networked information exchange.In 1988, Clark was an Award Recipient of the EY Entrepreneur of the Year Award in the Northern California Region.Clark was awarded an honorary Doctor of Science (ScD) from the University of East Anglia in 1998.


== Personal life ==
Clark has been married four times and has four children. In 2000, his daughter Kathy married Chad Hurley, a co-founder of YouTube, they were divorced in 2014. The divorce from his third wife of 15 years, Nancy Rutter, a Forbes journalist, is reported to have cost him $125 million in cash and assets in the settlement. Soon afterwards he began dating Australian model Kristy Hinze, 36 years his junior. Hinze became his fourth wife when they married in the British Virgin Islands on March 22, 2009. She gave birth to a daughter, Dylan Vivienne in September 2011, and later, Harper Hazelle, in August 2013.


== Yachting ==
Clark is an enthusiastic yachtsman but cannot sail in rough ocean races such as the Sydney-Hobart due to an arthritic condition in his ankles and prefers one-day regattas on the smoother waters of the Mediterranean, the Caribbean and off Newport, Rhode Island. In 2012, however, he commented that "after 28 years of owning boats, I'm over it."He is the past owner of two important sailing yachts:

Hyperion, the world's largest sloop when she was launched in 1998 at 47.5 m (156 ft) in length. She was designed by Germán Frers and built by Royal Huisman. With an air draught of 59 m (194 ft), she briefly featured the world's longest carbon fiber spar. Clark developed her own chartplotter and SCADA system to control vessel operation remotely, as well as automate sailing operation and optimize sailing performance using a large bank of sensors and SGI processors. Clark sold Hyperion in 2004.
Comanche, a 30.48 m (100 ft) carbonfiber maxi yacht designed by VPLP and built by Hodgdon Shipbuilding for line honours victories in offshore races. She lost line honours to Wild Oats XI in the 2014 Sydney-Hobart race but returned and won in 2015. She also won line honours in the 2015 Transatlantic race in which she set a new 24-hour speed record for monohulls. In 2016 with Skipper  Ken Read and Stan Honey navigating, she set the Newport to Bermuda Race record, shaving five hours off the previous fastest time recorded in the 635 mile race. In December 2017, Comanche was sold to Australian Jim Cooney.He remains the current owner of two other large sailing yachts:

Athena, a 90 m (295 ft) three-mast gaff-rigged aluminum schooner built by Royal Huisman. Athena has been listed for sale since July 2012, originally with an asking price of US$95 million, reduced to $59 million as of February 2017.
Hanuman, a replica of the 42.1 m (138 ft) J-Class Endeavour II, built by Royal Huisman. Hanuman has been listed for sale since May 2012 with an asking price of US$14.9 million as of 2021.


== Flying ==
Clark is a passionate pilot who enjoys flying helicopters, gliders (built in Germany) and acrobatic aircraft (extra 300). His approach to learning to fly a helicopter was very much like trial and error as he explored how this aircraft works.


== Philanthropy ==
Clark has contributed to Stanford University, where he was an associate electrical engineering professor. In 1999, he pledged $150 million toward construction of the James H. Clark Center for Biomedical Engineering and related programs for interdisciplinary biomedical research. At the time, it was the largest-ever contribution to Stanford, other than the university's founding grant. Construction started in 2001 and was completed in the summer of 2003, as part of Stanford's Bio-X program. In September 2001, Clark rescinded $60 million of his initial pledge, citing anger over President Bush's restrictions on stem cell research. In a New York Times opinion piece, Clark said federal funding is essential for research in the United States, and he was not interested in funding research that could be suppressed for political reasons. President Barack Obama lifted the restrictions in question in 2009. In 2013, Clark pledged an additional $60 million to Stanford for interdisciplinary research in the life sciences, technology, and engineering. His commitment was finally completely fulfilled in 2020. Clark has donated an additional $10 million to fund fellowships at the Stanford Institute for Theoretical Physics.In 2004, Clark and David Filo of Yahoo! each donated $30 million to Tulane University's School of Engineering for merit-based scholarships to provide education to deserving students regardless of financial situation in the discipline of engineering.Clark is a board member for the national council of the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) and contributes towards the organization. The Perlman Music Program has recognized Clark for his continued philanthropic efforts towards their organization and their endowment fund.


== See also ==
Catmull–Clark subdivision surface, a 3D modelling technique Clark invented in collaboration with Edwin Catmull


== References ==


== External links ==
"Jim Clark", Salon.com, November 24, 1999.
"James H. Clark", Business Week, 1999.Edmund Melson Clarke, Jr. (July 27, 1945 – December 22, 2020) was an American computer scientist and academic noted for developing model checking, a method for formally verifying hardware and software designs. He was the FORE Systems Professor of Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University. Clarke, along with E. Allen Emerson and Joseph Sifakis, received the 2007 ACM Turing Award.


== Biography ==
Clarke received a B.A. degree in mathematics from the University of Virginia, Charlottesville, VA, in 1967, an M.A. degree in mathematics from Duke University, Durham NC, in 1968, and a Ph.D. degree in Computer Science from Cornell University, Ithaca NY in 1976. After receiving his Ph.D., he taught in the Department of Computer Science  at Duke University, for two years. In 1978, he moved to Harvard University, Cambridge, MA where he was an Assistant Professor of Computer Science in the Division of Applied Sciences. He left Harvard in 1982 to join the faculty in the Computer Science Department at Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA. He was appointed Full Professor in 1989. In 1995, he became the first recipient of the FORE Systems Professorship, an endowed chair in the Carnegie Mellon School of Computer Science.  He became a University Professor in 2008 and became an emeritus professor in 2015.


=== Death ===
He died from COVID-19 in December 2020, during the COVID-19 pandemic in Pennsylvania.


== Work ==
Clarke's interests included software and hardware verification and automatic theorem proving. In his Ph.D. thesis he proved that certain programming language control structures did not have good Hoare style proof systems. In 1981 he and his Ph.D. student E. Allen Emerson first proposed the use of model checking as a verification technique for finite state concurrent systems. His research group pioneered the use of model checking for hardware verification. Symbolic model checking using binary decision diagrams was also developed by his group. This important technique was the subject of Kenneth McMillan's Ph.D. thesis, which received an ACM Doctoral Dissertation Award. In addition, his research group developed the first parallel resolution theorem prover (Parthenon) and the first theorem prover to be based on a symbolic computation system (Analytica).  In 2009, he led the creation of the Computational Modeling and Analysis of Complex Systems (CMACS) center, funded by the National Science Foundation.  This center has a team of researchers, spanning multiple universities, applying abstract interpretation and model checking to biological and embedded systems.


== Professional recognition ==
Clarke was a fellow of the ACM and the IEEE.  He received a Technical Excellence Award from the Semiconductor Research Corporation in 1995 and an Allen Newell Award for Excellence in Research from the Carnegie Mellon Computer Science Department in 1999.  He was a co-winner along with Randal Bryant, E. Allen Emerson, and Kenneth McMillan of the ACM Paris Kanellakis Award in 1999 for the development of symbolic model checking.  In 2004 he received the IEEE Computer Society Harry H. Goode Memorial Award for significant and pioneering contributions to formal verification of hardware and software systems, and for the profound impact these contributions have had on the electronics industry.  He was elected to the National Academy of Engineering in 2005 for contributions to the formal verification of hardware and software correctness.  He was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2011.  He received the Herbrand Award in 2008 in "recognition of his role in the invention of model checking and his sustained leadership in the area for more than two decades."  He received the 2014 Bower Award and Prize for Achievement in Science from the Franklin Institute for "his leading role in the conception and development of techniques for automatically verifying the correctness of a broad array of computer systems, including those found in transportation, communications, and medicine."  He was a member of Sigma Xi and Phi Beta Kappa.


== See also ==
List of pioneers in computer science


== References ==


== External links ==
Edmund M. Clarke at the Mathematics Genealogy Project
Home page at Carnegie Mellon University
Online biography from home page
Turing Award announcement
Model Checking book
CMACS home page
Edmund M. Clarke publications indexed by Microsoft AcademicLori A. Clarke is an American computer scientist noted for her research on software engineering.


== Biography ==
Clarke received a B.A. in Mathematics  from the University of Rochester in 1969. She received a Ph.D in Computer Science from the  University of Colorado in 1976.
She then joined the Department of Computer Science at the University of Massachusetts Amherst as an assistant professor in 1976. While there she was promoted to associate professor in 1981 and to professor in 1986. In 2011, she became the chair of the School of Computer Science. In 2015 she became an Emeritus Professor.
She was a board member for SIGSOFT from 1985 to 2001, including the chair from 1993 to 1997. She was a board member of CRA from 1999 to 2009. She is also noted for her leadership in broadening participation in computing. She has been a member of the CRA-W Board since 2001 and was the co-chair of CRA-W from 2005 to 2008.


== Awards ==
In the year 1998 she was named an ACM Fellow.Her other notable awards include:

IEEE Fellow in 2011 for contributions to software testing and verification.ACM SIGSOFT Outstanding Research Award, 2011ACM SIGSOFT Distinguished Service Award, 2002


== References ==


== External links ==
University of Massachusetts Amherst: Lori A. Clarke, Department of Computer ScienceAaron Clauset is an American computer scientist who works in the areas of Network Science, Machine Learning, and Complex Systems. He is currently a professor of Computer Science at the University of Colorado Boulder and is external faculty at the Santa Fe Institute.


== Education ==
Clauset completed his undergraduate studies in Physics and Computer Science at Haverford College in 2001. He earned his Ph.D. in Computer Science in 2006 from the University of New Mexico under the supervision of Cristopher Moore. He was then an Omidyar Fellow at the Santa Fe Institute until 2010.


== Career ==
In 2010, he joined the University of Colorado Boulder as an Assistant Professor, with primary appointments in the Computer Science Department and the BioFrontiers Institute, an interdisciplinary institute focused on quantitative systems biology. He joined the founding editorial board of Science Advances as an Associate Editor in 2014, and became the Deputy Editor responsible for social and interdisciplinary sciences in 2017. In 2018, he was award tenure and promoted to Associate Professor at the University of Colorado Boulder.
Clauset is best known for work done with Cosma Shalizi and Mark Newman on developing rigorous statistics tests for the presence of a power law pattern in empirical data, and for showing that many distributions that were claimed to be power laws actually were not. He is also known for his work on developing algorithms for detecting community structure in complex networks, particularly a model of hierarchical clustering in networks developed with Cristopher Moore and Mark Newman. In other work, Clauset is known for his specific discovery, with Maxwell Young and Kristian Skrede Gleditsch, that the frequency and severity of terrorist events worldwide follows a power-law distribution. This discovery was summarized by Nate Silver in his popular science book The Signal and the Noise.
In January 2020, Clauset's work on scale-free networks and the distribution of terrorist events garnered public attention after two of his papers were cited in the blog of British political advisor Dominic Cummings. The blog post was released as part of an advertisement searching for "data scientists, project managers, policy experts, assorted weirdos", with Clauset's papers being cited as examples of work potential candidates should be aware of for use in public policy. In response, Clauset stated that the "paper on scale-free networks is not directly relevant to government policy … Cummings is using our paper as an example of using careful statistical and computational analyses of large and diverse data sets to reassess ideas that may be accepted as conventional wisdom." Clauset added that "in many cases, we don’t understand causality well enough to formulate a policy that will not do more damage than good."


== Awards and honors ==
In 2015, Clauset received a prestigious CAREER Award from the National Science Foundation to develop and evaluate new methods for characterizing the structure of networks. In 2016, Clauset received the Erdös-Rényi Prize in Network Science from the Network Science Society for his contributions to the study of network structure, including Internet mapping, inference of missing links, and community structure, and for his provocative analyses of human conflicts and social stratification.


== Personal life ==
Aaron Clauset was a contestant on the fourth season of the NBC reality television show Average Joe: The Joe Strikes Back, which aired in 2005. From 2002 to 2016, he wrote a blog Structure+Strangeness on science, complex systems, and computation.


== Selected publications ==
Clauset, Aaron; Newman, M. E. J.; Moore, Cristopher (2004), "Finding community structure in very large networks" (PDF), Physical Review E, 70 (6): 066111, arXiv:cond-mat/0408187, Bibcode:2004PhRvE..70f6111C, doi:10.1103/PhysRevE.70.066111, PMID 15697438, S2CID 8977721.
Achlioptas, Dimitris; Clauset, Aaron; Kempe, David; Moore, Cristopher (2005), "On the bias of traceroute sampling: or, power-law degree distributions in regular graphs", Proceedings of the 37th ACM Symposium on Theory of Computing (STOC '05), pp. 694–703, arXiv:cond-mat/0503087, doi:10.1145/1060590.1060693, S2CID 785270.
Clauset, Aaron; Young, Maxwell; Gleditsch, Kristian S. (2007), "On the frequency of severe terrorist attacks", Journal of Conflict Resolution, 51 (1): 58–88, arXiv:physics/0606007, doi:10.1177/0022002706296157, S2CID 2922681.
Clauset, Aaron; Moore, Cristopher; Newman, M. E. J. (2008), "Hierarchical structure and the prediction of missing links in networks" (PDF), Nature, 453 (7191): 98–101, arXiv:0811.0484, Bibcode:2008Natur.453...98C, doi:10.1038/nature06830, hdl:2027.42/62623, PMID 18451861, S2CID 278058.
Clauset, Aaron; Erwin, Douglas H. (2008), "The evolution and distribution of species body size", Science, 321 (5887): 399–401, arXiv:0901.0251, Bibcode:2008Sci...321..399C, doi:10.1126/science.1157534, PMID 18635801, S2CID 13067181.
Clauset, Aaron; Shalizi, Cosma R.; Newman, M. E. J. (2009), "Power-law distributions in empirical data", SIAM Review, 51 (4): 661–703, arXiv:0706.1062, Bibcode:2009SIAMR..51..661C, doi:10.1137/070710111, S2CID 9155618.
Clauset, Aaron; Arbesman, Samuel; Larremore, Daniel B. (2015), "Systematic inequality and hierarchy in faculty hiring networks", Science Advances, 1 (1): e1400005, Bibcode:2015SciA....1E0005S, doi:10.1126/sciadv.1400005, PMC 4644075, PMID 26601125.


== References ==


== External links ==
Home page at the Santa Fe Institute
Citations in Google ScholarAlan Cline is an American computer scientist, and as of 2016 was the David Bruton, Jr. Centennial Professor #2 at the University of Texas at Austin.


== References ==William D. Clinger is an associate professor in the Khoury College of Computer Sciences at Northeastern University. He is known for his work on higher-order and functional programming languages, and for extensive contributions in helping create and implement international technical standards for the programming language Scheme via the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) and American National Standards Institute (ANSI). Clinger was an editor of the second through fifth Revised Reports on Scheme (R2RS – R5RS), and an invited speaker on Scheme at the Lisp50 conference celebrating the 50th birthday of the language Lisp. He has been on the faculty at Northeastern University since 1994.


== Research ==
Clinger obtained his PhD from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) under the supervision of Carl Hewitt. His doctoral research revolved around defining a denotational semantics for the actor model of concurrent computing, which is the same model of computing that originally motivated development of Scheme.In addition to editing the R2RS – R5RS Scheme standards, Clinger's contributions to Scheme have included the development of compilers for two implementations of the language: MacScheme, and Larceny. He also invented efficient algorithms for hygienic macro expansion, accurate decimal-to-binary conversions, and bounded-latency generational garbage collection.


== References ==


== External links ==
Official websitePeter Coad (born December 30, 1953) is a software entrepreneur and author of books on programming. He is notable for his role in defining what have come to be known as the UML colors, a color-coded notation chiefly useful for adding breadth and depth to a design, using four major archetypes.


== Biography ==

Coad received a Bachelor of Science with Honors in Electrical Engineering from OSU (Stillwater) in 1977 and a Master of Science in Computer Science from USC in 1981.In 1988, Peter Coad founded Object International, a software consulting firm where he served as president.
From 1989 through the 1990s, Coad co-authored six books on the analysis, design, and programming of object-oriented software. During this time Coad became famous through his work on the Coad/Yourdon method for Object-oriented analysis (OOA) which he had developed together with Edward Yourdon. He is considered a supporter of the lightweight methodology called Feature Driven Development (FDD), which was developed primarily by co-author Jeff De Luca.
In 1999, Coad was co-founder of the software company TogetherSoft, where he served as chairman, chief executive officer, and president.
From about 2000 to 2004 Coad was editor-in-chief of the Coad Series of books from Prentice Hall. This series of books were in the field of software development.
Coad became senior vice president and chief strategist of Borland Software Corp. when Borland bought TogetherSoft in January 2003.  Coad left Borland before the end of 2003 and turned his attention to interests outside of the software development field, especially simplified teaching techniques for learning to read The Bible in its original languages.
Coad is co-founder of TheBible.org, a nonprofit developer of the Parallel Plus® Bible-study app (iOS, Android, web) , where he serves as president, 2004-present.


== Publications ==
BooksJava Modeling In Color With UML, Peter Coad, Eric Lefebvre, and Jeff De Luca, June 1999, ISBN 0-13-011510-X
Java Design: Building Better Apps and Applets (2nd Edition), Peter Coad, Mark Mayfield, and Jon Kern, 1998, ISBN 0-13-911181-6
Object Models: Strategies, Patterns, and Applications, (2nd Edition) Peter Coad, Mark Mayfield, and David North, 1996, ISBN 0-13-840117-9
Object-Oriented Programming, Peter Coad and Jill Nicola, 1993, pages 582, ISBN 0-13-032616-X
Object Oriented Design, Peter Coad and Ed Yourdon, 1991, ISBN 0-13-630070-7
Object Oriented Analysis (2nd Edition), Peter Coad and Ed Yourdon, 1990, pages 233, ISBN 0-13-629981-4Selected PapersAmplified Learning pdf A practical guide to applying the "seven intelligences" theory, so that your presentations can be more engaging, effective, and fun.


== References ==


== External links ==
TheBible.org websiteClarence Leroy “Ben” Coates (November 5, 1923 – October 25, 2000) was an American computer scientist and engineer known for his work on waveform recognition devices, circuit gates and accumulators.


== Early life ==
He was born November 5, 1923, in Hastings, Nebraska, the son of Clarence Leroy Coates and Mildred Creighton. He earned his bachelor's degree in electrical engineering from the University of Kansas in 1944. After completing his bachelor's degree, he served in the U.S. Navy during World War II from 1944–1946. He then returned to the University of Kansas to obtain his master's degree in electrical engineering in 1948.


== Professional career ==
He received his doctorate from the University of Illinois in 1953. He then taught electrical engineering and computer science at the universities of Illinois, Kansas and UT Austin and at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute before going to Purdue. He directed the Electronics Research Center and supervised the  engineering computer facilities at Texas and started a graduate program in information sciences. At Illinois, he directed the Coordinated Sciences Laboratory, an interdisciplinary lab focused on computers, information processing and electronics.
He was a research scientist at the General Electric Research Laboratory in New York City from 1956–63 and held five patents involving waveform recognition devices, circuit gates and accumulators on computer chips. He was named a fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) in 1974 and the American Association for the Advancement of Science in 1980.
Coates joined the faculty at Purdue University in 1973 as head of the School of Electrical Engineering (now Electrical and Computer Engineering) where, for the next decade, he emphasized computer education and the development of computing facilities. He was a driving force behind the high performance computing and networking plan that led to the creation of the Engineering Computer Network (ECN) serving all of Purdue's engineering schools. He also initiated a degree program in computer engineering at Purdue. He returned to teaching in the computer field full-time in 1983 before retiring in 1988.
Ben Coates died in Osprey, Florida on October 25, 2000, at age 76. In 2009, Purdue named the Coates supercomputing cluster, after him, continuing a practice of naming the machines for prominent figures in the history of computing at the university, which began with Purdue's Steele cluster. Like Steele, Rossman and Carter, Coates is part of the DiaGrid distributed computing network. Coates will be operated by Information Technology at Purdue (ITaP), the university's central information technology organization, and the Rosen Center for Advanced Computing, ITaP's research and discovery arm.


== References ==
http://www.rcac.purdue.edu/userinfo/resources/coates/
http://www.rcac.purdue.edu/userinfo/resources/coates/bio.cfm
https://engineering.purdue.edu/ECE/People/Alumni/OECE/1993/coates.whtml
http://www.indystar.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20080505/SPORTS0602/80505071
http://www.informationweek.com/news/hardware/supercomputers/showArticle.jhtml?articleID=207601782
http://news.uns.purdue.edu/x/2008a/080501McCartneySteeleLocal.html
http://www.eetimes.com/news/design/showArticle.jhtml?articleID=207501882
http://www.upi.com/NewsTrack/Quirks/2008/05/05/purdues_big_computer_assembled_fast/2999/
http://news.uns.purdue.edu/x/2008b/081118McCartneyPool.html
https://web.archive.org/web/20090117163227/http://www.rcac.purdue.edu/boilergrid/index.cfm
http://www.cs.wisc.edu/condor/
http://www.itap.purdue.edu/John Cocke (May 30, 1925 – July 16, 2002) was an American computer scientist recognized for his large contribution to computer architecture and optimizing compiler design. He is considered by many to be "the father of RISC architecture."


== Biography ==
He was born in Charlotte, North Carolina, US. He attended Duke University, where he received his bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering in 1946 and his Ph.D. in mathematics in 1956. Cocke spent his entire career as an industrial researcher for IBM, from 1956 to 1992.
Perhaps the project where his innovations were most noted was in the IBM 801 minicomputer, where his realization that matching the design of the architecture's instruction set to the relatively simple instructions actually emitted by compilers could allow high performance at a low cost.
He is one of the inventors of the CYK algorithm (C for Cocke).  He was also involved in the pioneering speech recognition and machine translation work at IBM in the 1970s and 1980s, and is credited by Frederick Jelinek with originating the idea of using a trigram language model for speech recognition.Cocke was appointed IBM Fellow in 1972. He won the Eckert-Mauchly Award in 1985, ACM Turing Award in 1987, the National Medal of Technology in 1991 and the National Medal of Science in 1994, IEEE John von Neumann Medal in 1984, The Franklin Institute's Certificate of Merit in 1996, the Seymour Cray Computer Engineering Award in 1999, and The Benjamin Franklin Medal in 2000. He was a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, the American Philosophical Society, and the National Academy of Sciences.In 2002, he was made a Fellow of the Computer History Museum "for his development and implementation of reduced instruction set computer architecture and program optimization technology."He died in Valhalla, New York, US.


== References ==


== External links ==
IBM obituary
Duke profile from 1988 By Eileen Bryn
Interview transcript
IEEE John von Neumann Medal RecipientsGeorge R. Cogar (born 1932–missing 1983) was the head of the UNIVAC 1004 electronic design team code named the "bumblebee project", and later the "barn project", and co-founder of Mohawk Data Sciences Corporation, a Herkimer, N.Y.-based multimillion-dollar business. His most successful invention was the Data Recorder magnetic tape encoder, which was introduced in 1965 and eliminated the need for keypunches and punched cards by direct encoding on tape. He also founded the Cogar Corporation, where he built an intelligent terminal—an early forerunner of the modern personal computer—which he called the Cogar System 4 or Cogar 4. The Cogar 4 became the Singer 1500 after Singer Business Machines acquired Cogar Corporation. In 1976 International Computers Limited (ICL) acquired Singer Business Machines, changing the name of the computer to the ICL 1500.


== Disappearance ==
Cogar was last seen Friday, September 2, 1983, when a private plane, a Britten-Norman Islander, went down somewhere in British Columbia, Canada.


== Philanthropy ==
Cogar and his wife Ann established the Cogar Foundation for the express purpose of awarding grants and scholarships to students of Herkimer County. The Cogar Gallery at Herkimer County Community College is named for them.


== Patents ==
US 3166715  Asynchronous self controlled shift register
US 3261003  Tape error indication apparatus
US 3510680  Asynchronous shift register with data control gating therefor
US 3550103  Reverse write and forward verify read of a variable length data
US 3794980  Apparatus and method for controlling sequential execution of instructions and nesting of subroutines in a data processor
US 4365742  Heating system
US 4609613  Permanent reproductions and formation method therefor
US 3410312  Fluid shift flip-flop
US 3188621  Display panels with selectable indicators
US 3239809  Skew correction buffer
US 3426415  Printed circuit assembly
US 3283255  Phase modulation system for reading particular information
US 3282205  Print control means for high speed printer with traveling print bar
US 3310660  Asynchronous counting devices
US 3483523  Data recording and verifying machine
US 3807614  Backspace mechanism for a tape handling apparatus for a data recorder
US 3193697  Synchronized single pulser
US 3585619  Magnetic tape readout system with means to generate artificial signals
US 3578257  Tape handling apparatus for data recorder
US 3555306  Keyboard sprocket circuit
US 3624838  Address counter stage circuitry


== See also ==
International Computers Limited
List of people who disappeared mysteriously: post-1970
MDS 2400
Singer Corporation


== References ==


== External links ==
https://georgecogar.com/Daniel Isaac Aryeh Cohen (born 1946) is an American mathematician and computer scientist who is now a professor emeritus at Hunter College.Cohen earned a bachelor's degree in mathematics from Princeton University in 1967 and already as an undergraduate published a research paper about Sperner's lemma, which he learned about from Hans Rademacher. He completed his doctorate in 1975 from Harvard University under the joint supervision of Andrew M. Gleason and Gian-Carlo Rota. He was a mathematician at Hunter College in 1981 when the computer science department was founded, and became one of five initial computer science professors there.Cohen is the author of the textbooks Basic Techniques of Combinatorial Theory (John Wiley & Sons, 1979) and Introduction to Computer Theory (John Wiley & Sons, 1986; 2nd ed., 1996).
An undergraduate award for a graduating senior at Hunter College, the Daniel I.A. Cohen Prize for Academic Excellence in Theoretical Computer Science, was named after Cohen.


== References ==Danny Cohen (December 9, 1937 – August 12, 2019) was an Israeli American computer scientist specializing in computer networking. He was involved in the ARPAnet project and helped develop various fundamental applications for the Internet. Cohen is probably best known for his 1980 paper "On Holy Wars and a Plea for Peace" which adopted the terminology of endianness for computing (a term borrowed from Jonathan Swift's Gulliver's Travels). Cohen served on the computer science faculty at several universities and worked in the private industry.


== Biography ==
Cohen earned a bachelor's degree in mathematics at the Technion – Israel Institute of Technology in 1963. He was a graduate student in the math department at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) from 1965 to 1967.In 1967, Cohen developed the first real-time visual flight simulator on a general purpose computer and the first real-time radar simulator. Cohen's flight simulation work led to the development of the Cohen-Sutherland computer graphics line clipping algorithms, created with Ivan Sutherland at Harvard University. He received a Ph.D. from Harvard in 1969 as a student of Sutherland. His thesis was titled: "Incremental Methods for Computer Graphics".After serving on the computer science faculty at Harvard through 1973, and at California Institute of Technology in 1976, Cohen joined the Information Sciences Institute at the University of Southern California to work on a packet-voice project designed to allow interactive, real-time speech over the ARPANet (and the Internet during its early development). The Network Voice Protocol project was a forerunner of Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP). In 1981, he adapted the visual simulator to run over the ARPANet which was an early application of packet switching networks to real-time applications. He started the MOSIS project in 1980.In 1993, he worked on Distributed Interactive Simulation through several projects funded by the United States Department of Defense (DoD). He prototyped a local area network technology called ATOMIC, which was the forerunner of Myrinet. In 1994, Cohen co-founded Myricom (with Chuck Seitz, and others) which commercialized Myrinet. Cohen also started the FastXchange project for electronic commerce and a digital library.
Cohen served on several panels and boards for the US DoD, National Institutes of Health, and United States National Research Council, including 5 years on the USAF Scientific Advisory Board. He served as both a factual and expert witness in patent infringement legal cases about VoIP. Cohen was a commercial pilot with SEL/MEL/SES and Instrument ratings.In 1993 Cohen received the Meritorious Civilian Service Award from the United States Air Force. He was a member of the National Academy of Engineering (2006) and an IEEE Fellow (2010).Since 2001, Cohen was a distinguished engineer for Sun Microsystems working on very fast communication over short distances, using optical and electrical signaling, in Sun's chief technical officer organization.Cohen continued as an adjunct professor of computer science at USC.In 2012, Cohen was inducted into the Internet Hall of Fame by the Internet Society. In 2013 Vint Cerf hosted an event at Google honoring Cohen.Danny Cohen died in Palo Alto, California on August 12, 2019 at the age of 81.


== Selected publications ==
Danny Cohen (1980-04-01). "On Holy Wars and a Plea for Peace". Internet Experiment Note 137. Retrieved 2010-01-17. — also published in IEEE Computer, October 1981 issue.
"AI as the Ultimate Enhancer of Protocol design" (with J. Finnegan), Artificial Intelligence and Software Engineering, Ed. Derek Partridge, ABLEX Publishing Corporation, Norwood, NJ. ISBN 0-89391-606-4, 1991, Chapter 22, pp. 463–472, and also in the Proceedings of the Third Annual Artificial Intelligence and Advanced Computer Technology Conference, Long Beach, CA, April 1987, pp. 329–337. Available online at [1].
"Protocols for Dating Coordination" (with Y. Yemini), Proceedings of the Fourth Berkeley Conference on Distributed Data Management and Computer Networks, San Francisco, CA, August 1979, pp. 179–188.
"Incremental Methods for Computer Graphics" (PhD Thesis), Harvard Report ESD-TR-69-193, April 1969. Available from DTIC (AD #AD694550/U).
"On Linear Differences Curves", published as a chapter in the book Advanced Computer Graphics, Economics, Techniques and Applications, edited by Parslow and Green, Pleunum Press, London 1971, and also in Proceedings of the Computer Graphics '70 Conference, Brunel University, England, April 1970.
"RFC 0741: Specifications for the Network Voice Protocol (NVP)", Nov-22-1977.
"A VLSI Approach to Computational Complexity" by Professor J. Finnegan, in VLSI, Systems and Computation, edited by H. T. Kung, Bob Sproull, and Guy L. Steele Jr., Computer Science Press, 1981, pp. 124–125.
"A Voice Message System", in Computer Message Systems edited by R. P. Uhlig, North-Holland 1981, pp. 17–28.
"The ISO Reference Model and Other Protocol Architectures" (with J. B. Postel), in International Federation for Information Processing 1983, Paris, September 1983, pp. 29–34.
"MOSIS: Present and Future" (with G. Lewicki, P. Losleben, and D. Trotter) 1984 Conference on Advanced Research in VLSI, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, January 1984, pp. 124–128.
"A Mathematical Approach to Computational Network Design", Chapter 1 in Systolic Signal Processing Systems (E. E. Swartzlander, ed.), Marcel Dekker, 1987, pp. 1–29.
"Computerized Commerce", International Federation for Information Processing 1989, San Francisco, August 1989, pp. 1095–1100.
"Myrinet: A Gigabit-per-Second Local Area Network" (with Boden, Felderman, Kulawik, Seitz, Seizovic, and Su), IEEE-MICRO, February 1995, pp. 29–36.
"RFC 1807: A Format for Bibliographic Records" (with R. Lasher), IETF, June 1995.
"The Internet of Things" (with N. Gershenfeld and R. Krikorian), Scientific American, October 2004, pp. 76–81.
"Internet-0: Interdevice Internetworking" (with N. Gershenfeld), IEEE Circuits and Devices Magazine, September/October 2006, Vol:22, Issue:5, pp. 48–55


== Patents ==
US Patent 7,573,720 (2009) Active socket for facilitating proximity communication
US Patent 7,561,584 (2009) Implementation of a graph property in a switching fabric for fast networking
US Patent 7,525,199 (2009) Packaging for proximity communication positioned integrated circuits
US Patent 7,460,035 (2008) Balanced code with opportunistically reduced transitions
US Patent 3,769,442 (1973) Compressed Data Base for Radar Land Mass Simulator


== References ==


== External links ==
"Sun Microsystems Bolsters Top Technical Roster and Recognizes New Member of the National Academy of Engineering" 2006
"Smart Computing Reference Series", Encyclopedia May 2002, Volume 6, Issue 5Edith Cohen (born May 21, 1966) is an Israeli and American computer scientist specializing in data mining and algorithms for big data. She is also known for her research on peer-to-peer networks. She works for Google in Mountain View, California, and as a visiting professor at Tel Aviv University in Israel.


== Education ==
Cohen is originally from Tel Aviv, where her father was a banker.
She earned a bachelor's degree in 1985 and a master's degree in 1986 from Tel Aviv University; her master's thesis was supervised by Michael Tarsi. She moved to Stanford University for her doctoral studies, and completed her Ph.D. in 1991 with Andrew V. Goldberg as her doctoral advisor and Nimrod Megiddo as an unofficial mentor. Her dissertation was Combinatorial Algorithms for Optimization Problems.


== Career and research ==
Cohen was a student researcher at IBM Research - Almaden from 1987 to 1991, and a researcher at Bell Labs and its successor AT&T Labs from 1991 to 2012. In 2012, she became a visiting professor at Tel Aviv University, and began working for Microsoft Research, as a visitor for one year and then as a principal researcher. She has been associated with Google since 2015.


=== Awards and honors ===
Cohen won the William R. Bennett prize of the IEEE Communications Society in 2007 with David Applegate, for their work on robust network routing.
She was nominated an ACM Fellow in 2017 "for contributions to the design of efficient algorithms for networking and big data".


== References ==Elaine Cohen is an American researcher in geometric modeling and computer graphics, known for her pioneering research on B-splines. She is a professor in the school of computing at the University of Utah.


== Education and career ==
Cohen graduated from Vassar College in 1968, with a bachelor's degree in mathematics. She went to Syracuse University for graduate study in mathematics, earning a master's degree in 1970 and completing her doctorate in 1974.
Her dissertation, On the Degree of Approximation of a Function by Partial Sums of its Fourier Series, concerned approximation theory, and was supervised by Daniel Waterman.At the University of Utah, Cohen became the first woman to gain tenure at the School of Engineering.


== Contributions ==
With Richard F. Riesenfeld and Gershon Elber, Cohen is the author of the book Geometric Modeling with Splines: An Introduction (AK Peters, 2001).She has also contributed to the development of the Utah teapot, improving it from a two-dimensional surface with no thickness to a bona-fide three-dimensional object.


== Recognition ==
In 2005, the YWCA of Salt Lake City gave Cohen their Outstanding Achievement Award.
In 2009, Cohen and Riesenfeld won the Pierre Bézier Award of the Solid Modeling Association for their work on B-splines in computer aided geometric design.


== References ==Frederick B. Cohen (born 1956) is an American computer scientist and best known as the inventor of computer virus defense techniques. He gave the definition of "computer virus". Cohen is best known for his pioneering work on computer viruses, the invention of high integrity operating system mechanisms now in widespread use, and automation of protection management functions.
In 1983, while a student at the University of Southern California's School of Engineering (currently the Viterbi School of Engineering), he wrote a program for a parasitic application that seized control of computer operations, one of the first computer viruses, in Leonard Adleman’s class. He wrote a short program, as an experiment, that could "infect" computers, make copies of itself, and spread from one machine to another. It was hidden inside a larger, legitimate program, which was loaded into a computer on a floppy disk.
One of the few solid theoretical results in the study of computer viruses is Cohen's 1987 demonstration that there is no algorithm that can perfectly detect all possible viruses.Cohen also believed there are positive viruses and he had created one called the compression virus which spreading would infect all executable files on a computer, not to destroy, but to make them smaller.During the past 10 years of his research work, Fred Cohen wrote over 60 professional publications and 11 books.For the past 35 years, Fred Cohen has been building companies and supporting risk management and strategic decision making for enterprises of all sizes and sorts. He is globally recognized as an innovative expert in management, particularly related to information technology and risk. He supports strategic enterprise-wide decision-making ranging from restructuring to litigation support. His team approach involves an in-depth study of key issues and the development of unique strategies and solutions. Results are often leveraged behind the scenes to support research and advisory firms like Gartner and Burton, government initiatives like standards development and capacity building, University education and training programs on five continents, and global cooperative research and development programs. He also leads and participates in government and privately sponsored academic research, teaches, and supports graduate courses and advanced professional seminars, and is a Federal-court qualified expert witness, and digital forensic evidence examiner.
He also is deeply involved with the advancement of start-ups via his participation in Angel to Exit, an organization that provides free and for-equity services to early-stage startups wishing to move toward angel funding.


== Papers ==
1991, Trends In Computer Virus Research
1991, A Case for Benevolent Viruses
1991, The Computer Security Encyclopedia - Computer Viruses
1992, A Formal Definition of Computer Worms and Some Related Results
1989, Models of Practical Defenses Against Computer Viruses
1988, On the Implications of Computer Viruses and Methods of Defense
1984, Computer Viruses - Theory and Experiments
1989, Models of Practical Defenses Against Computer Viruses


== References ==Stanley Cohen (February 5, 1927 – March 27, 2017) was an American physicist who worked at Argonne National Laboratory. He created Speakeasy, a numerical computational environment, implemented with OOPS, object-oriented system, and was the founder and president of Speakeasy Computing Corporation.


== References ==


== External links ==
Stanley Cohen introduces Speakeasy features - 1972 on YouTube
Stanley Cohen meets Speakeasy users - 1988 on YouTubeStephen Cohen (born September 30, 1982) is an American computer scientist and entrepreneur. He is best known as a co-founder of Palantir Technologies, a platform for analyzing integration and visualizing data used by governments and businesses. He is credited with creating the initial prototype of Palantir in eight weeks. Since then, he has interviewed over 4500 candidates and continues to be actively involved in Palantir. Previously to Palantir, Cohen worked with Peter Thiel at Clarium Capital. He also served as an adviser to Backtype prior to its acquisition by Twitter in 2011.


== Education ==
Cohen graduated from Stanford University with a BSc in computer science in 2005. While at Stanford he focused on machine learning, artificial intelligence, and natural language processing and did research with professor Andrew Ng, director of the Stanford Artificial Intelligence Lab.


== References ==Brantley Coile is an inventor and founder of network technology companies whose  products include PIX Firewall, the first stateful-inspection firewall and Cisco Systems' first load-balancer, LocalDirector. Coile's patents include the fundamental patents on Network Address Translation (NAT).
Coile earned a degree in computer science at the University of Georgia. In 1994, he co-founded Network Translation, where he created the PIX Firewall appliance a new class of data communication firewalls utilizing stateful packet inspection.
After leaving Cisco Systems in 2000, he founded Coraid, Inc. to design and develop network storage devices using the ATA-over-Ethernet (AoE), an open and lightweight network storage protocol.Coile founded South Suite, Inc. in 2013 and continued to develop AoE technology. In 2015 he purchased Coraid's EtherDrive intellectual property and founded The Brantley Coile Company, a subsidiary of SouthSuite.


== References ==Ian Coldwater is an American computer security specialist and speaker specializing in Kubernetes and cloud native security. They are a security architect at Twilio, and they co-chair the Kubernetes special interest group, Kubernetes SIG Security.


== Career ==
Coldwater started working in tech in their thirties, originally starting in DevOps before focusing on security. They began specializing in hacking and hardening Kubernetes containers, working as an independent penetration tester before joining Heroku as a lead platform security engineer. As of 2021, they work as a security architect at Twilio. Along with Tabitha Sable, they co-chair the Kubernetes special interest group, Kubernetes SIG Security. They are also on the governing board of the Open Source Security Foundation.Coldwater has spoken at conferences including DEF CON, Black Hat, KubeCon and CloudNativeCon, RSA Conference, Velocity, and devopsdays.  In 2020, they received the "Top Ambassador" award from the Cloud Native Computing Foundation for spreading interest in the area.In 2021, Coldwater, with expertise from Chad Rikansrud, became the first person in history to escape a container on a mainframe.


== Personal life ==
Coldwater lives in Minneapolis, Minnesota.


== See also ==
Kelsey Hightower


== References ==


== External links ==
Ian Coldwater on TwitterRichard J. Cole is a Silver Professor of Computer Science at the Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences, New York University, and works on the Design and Analysis of Computer Algorithms.


== Research ==
His research areas include algorithmic economic market theory and game theory, string and pattern matching, amortization, parallelism, and network and routing problems. His notable research contributions include an optimal parallel algorithm for sorting in the PRAM model, and an optimal analysis of the Boyer–Moore string-search algorithm.


== References ==


== External links ==
Official websiteGeorge E. Collins (January 10, 1928 in Stuart, Iowa – November 21, 2017 in Madison, Wisconsin) was an American mathematician and computer scientist. He is the inventor of garbage collection by reference counting[G60]
and of the method of quantifier elimination by cylindrical algebraic decomposition.[G75]He received his PhD from Cornell University in 1955. He worked at IBM, the University of Wisconsin–Madison (1966–1986) Ohio State University, RISC-Linz, Delaware University, and North Carolina State University.


== Selected publications ==


== References ==Douglas Earl Comer is a professor of computer science at Purdue University, where he teaches courses on operating systems and computer networks. He has written numerous research papers and textbooks, and currently heads several networking research projects. He has been involved in TCP/IP and internetworking since the late 1970s, and is an internationally recognized authority. He designed and implemented X25NET and Cypress networks, and the Xinu operating system. He is director of the Internetworking Research Group at Purdue, editor of Software - Practice and Experience, and a former member of the Internet Architecture Board. Comer completed the original version of Xinu (and wrote correspondent book The Xinu Approach) in 1979. Since then, Xinu has been expanded and ported to a wide variety of platforms, including: IBM PC, Macintosh, Digital Equipment Corporation VAX and DECstation 3100, Sun Microsystems Sun-2, Sun-3 and SPARCstations, and Intel Pentium. It has been used as the basis for many research projects. Furthermore, Xinu has been used as an embedded system in products by companies such as Motorola, Mitsubishi, Hewlett-Packard, and Lexmark.


== Education and career ==
Comer holds a BS in Mathematics and Physics from Houghton College earned in 1971 and a PhD in Computer Science from Pennsylvania State University earned in 1976.
He is a Distinguished Professor of Computer Science and professor of electrical and computer engineering at Purdue University in the US.
Beginning in the late 1970s he started his continuing research into TCP/IP, which has earned him international fame in the field of Computer Science and computer networking.


== Achievements ==
Douglas Comer headed a number of research projects associated with the creation of the Internet, and is the author of a number of books on Operating Systems, the Internet and TCP/IP networking, and computer architecture.
Comer is also the developer of the Xinu operating system.
Comer is well known for his series of ground breaking textbooks on computer networks, the Internet, computer operating systems, and computer architecture. His books have been translated into sixteen languages, and are widely used in both industry and academia. Comer's three-volume series Internetworking With TCP/IP is often cited as an authoritative reference for the Internet protocols.
For twenty years, Comer served as editor-in-chief of the research journal Software—Practice And Experience, published by John Wiley & Sons. Comer is a Fellow of the ACM and the recipient of numerous teaching awards.


== Research Grants ==
Csnet Protocol Development – 1981
High-Level Network Protocols: Computer Research – 1983
Feasibility Studies of High-Performance Communication Over Public Packet-Switched Networks – 1984
Cypress: A Proposed Cost Effective Packet-Switched Interconnection Strategy – 1985
Shadow Editing – 1986
Computer Research Equipment – 1987
Extensible Terascale Facility (ETF): Indiana-Purdue Grid (IP-grid) – 2003
FIA: Collaborative Research: NEBULA: A Future Internet That Supports Trustworthy Cloud Computing – 2010


== Publications ==
Comer has authored numerous research papers and seventeen popular textbooks that have been translated into sixteen languages.


=== Networks and Internets (including TCP/IP Protocols) ===
Internetworking With TCP/IP Volume III: Client-Server Programming and Applications, BSD Socket Version – 1996
Internetworking With TCP/IP Volume III: Client-Server Programming and Applications, AT&T TLI Version – 1996
Internetworking With TCP/IP Volume III: Client-Server Programming and Applications, Windows Sockets Version – 1997
Internetworking With TCP/IP Volume II: Design, Implementation, and Internals – 1999
Internetworking With TCP/IP Volume III: Client-Server Programming and Applications, Linux/POSIX Socket Version – 2000
Hands-on Networking with Internet Applications – 2004
Network Systems Design Using Network Processors – 2004
Network Systems Design Using Network Processors, Agere version – 2005
Automated Network Management Systems – 2006
Network Systems Design Using Network Processors, Intel 2xxx version – 2006
The Internet Book: Everything you need to know about computer networking and how the Internet works – 2007
Computer Networks And Internets Sixth Edition – 2014
Internetworking With TCP/IP Volume 1: Principles, Protocols, and Architecture, 6th edition – 2013


=== Computer Architecture And Operating Systems ===
Operating System Design Volume 2: Internetworking with XINU – 1987
Operating System Design Volume 1: The XINU Approach, PC version – 1988
Operating System Design Volume 1: The XINU Approach, Macintosh version – 1989
Internetworking With TCP/IP Volume II: Design, Implementation, and Internals – 1994
Essentials Of Computer Architecture – 2005
Operating System Design - The XINU Approach, Second edition – 2015


== Awards ==
Usenix "The Flame" Lifetime Achievement Award (as part of the Software Tools Project) – 1996
Listed in Purdue University Book of Great Teachers – 1999
Fellow of the ACM – 2000
Fellow of the Purdue University Teaching Academy – 2003
School of Electrical and Computer Engineering, Courtesy Appointment – 2003
Purdue University Distinguished Professor – 2004
Joel and Ruth Spira Excellence in Teaching Award – 2012
Internet Hall of Fame - 2019


== References ==
Comer's homepage at Purdue University
Information about all of Comer's books
List of Dougles Comer's books published by Prentice Hall
Comer's description as listed by the Purdue Department of Computer ScienceJoseph Henry 'Joe' Condon (born February 15, 1935 – January 2, 2012) was an American computer scientist, engineer and physicist, who spent most of his career at Bell Labs. The son of Edward Condon (a distinguished American nuclear physicist, pioneer in quantum mechanics and a participant in the development of radar and nuclear weapons during World War II as part of the Manhattan Project) and Emilie Honzik Condon, he was named after the 19th-century American physicist Joseph Henry.


== Education ==
Condon developed an interest in physics and electronics at an early age and credited his introduction to analytical thinking to an anonymous instrument maker. He attended Johns Hopkins University and received his BS degree in physics in 1958, and Northwestern University where he received a Ph.D. in physics in 1963.


== Career ==
After graduate school, Condon joined the Metallurgy Research Division of AT&T Bell Laboratories at Murray Hill, New Jersey. He arrived about the same time that the division split. Formerly physics, metallurgy, and chemistry were under one executive director. After the split, physics had its own director, and chemistry and metallurgy were under another. He worked for five years on solid-state physics and metals at low temperatures — electronic band structure of metals by means of the oscillatory diamagnetic susceptibility (the De Haas–van Alphen effect). His studies in beryllium and silver (1966—1968) showed that magnetic domains (later called 'Condon domains') form in non-ferromagnetic metals when the oscillating differential magnetic susceptibility is greater than unity. He developed the theory and verified it experimentally.Condon then became interested more in electronics engineering, moving out of physics.  He was exposed to UNIX on the Honeywell 516 machines in the early 1970s.
I understand mostly what goes on in that black box all the way through wave equations through the circuitry. My problem was to abstract away the detail. Literally, yeah I know what goes on. How the servos work to run the arms of the disk drive, coding.
In the 1960s, Condon contributed to the development of local area network digital telephone switching.
Condon and Ken Thompson promoted the use of the C programming language for AT&T's switching system control programs. Condon acquired a small AT&T PBX (telephone switch) that handled about 50 phones; he made the necessary hardware changes and Thompson wrote the necessary software programs. The PBX code rewrite in C was a success and hastened the adoption of C for all switching system software within AT&T.
Technological advances made great strides in reducing the costs of transmission. Which meant that we were making money hand over fist in transmission.
Circa 1968—1969, Condon was the head of department 13 which owned a PDP-7 computer. The computer was loaned to Dennis Ritchie and Ken Thompson, who used it to create the famous early computer game Space Travel and to port various features of the recently cancelled Multics project, developments which directly led to the development of the Unix operating system and all of its modern derivatives.In 1975 Condon joined the Computer Research Center at Bell Labs where the C programming language and the UNIX operating system were created. Condon and his colleagues automated the laborious and error-prone task of manually converting drawings to fabricate circuit boards through their system, the Unix Circuit Design System (UCDS), enabling rapid prototyping.In collaboration with Thompson, Condon created the chess-playing machine Belle. Condon designed custom hardware while Ken designed software.
The hardware evaluated board position, did piece move generation and used a cache memory for previously evaluated board positions. Belle’s hardware could evaluate millions of board positions and generate all legal chess moves every second. The control software selected the best current move. Belle was compact and easily portable and was entered in many chess tournaments where it achieved a master rating. Belle won the world computer chess championship in 1980 and the U.S. computer chess championships in 1978, 1980, 1981, 1982, and 1986.
The first chess machine did not make much significant improvement in chess. It violated the rules of UNIX. It was one that touched the hardware directly.
In 1982 Condon collaborated with Andrew Ogielski to create the spin glass machine, a single-purpose computer "5-10 times faster than the Cray-1" designed to facilitate Monte Carlo calculations for theoretical physicists to determine the properties of a class of recently discovered complex magnetic materials such as spin glasses and various random antiferromagnets, thus combining his interests in digital systems and physics. In Condon's obituary, Physics Today called his work on the spin-glass machine a "classic" that "remain[s] accurate to this day, despite immense increases in computing power".Condon retired in 1989 but continued to consult with Bell Labs for another 10 years.


== Death ==
Condon died on January 2, 2012.


== Personal character ==
Joe is said to have been a "natural teacher" who "drew on his deep understanding of physics when explaining a problem in either basic physics or digital design", in addition to having unlimited curiosity, extensive knowledge, and a delightful sense of humor. His designs were said to be parsimonious. His personal interests included American Indian crafts, classical music, the theater and to travel with his wife Carol in their RV. He was very Quaker and a frequent volunteer in the FISH Hospitality Program, a local charity providing shelter for homeless people and single mothers.


== External links ==
Unix: An Oral History


== References ==Jingsheng Jason Cong (Chinese: 丛京生; born 1963 in Beijing) is a Chinese-born American computer scientist, educator, and serial entrepreneur. He received his B.S. degree in computer science from Peking University in 1985, his M.S. and Ph. D. degrees in computer science from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 1987 and 1990, respectively. He has been on the faculty in the Computer Science Department at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) since 1990. Currently, he is a Distinguished Chancellor’s Professor and the director of Center for Domain-Specific Computing (CDSC).


== Research contributions and commercial impact ==
Cong made fundamental contributions to the FPGA synthesis technology. His  result in the early 1990s on depth-optimal mapping (FlowMap) for lookup-table based FPGAs is a cornerstone of all FPGA logic synthesis tools used today. This, together with the subsequent works on the cut-enumeration and Boolean matching based methods for FPGA mapping, led to a successful startup company Aplus Design Technologies (1998-2003) founded by Cong. Aplus developed the first commercially available FPGA architecture evaluation tool and physical synthesis tool, which were OEMed by most FPGA companies and distributed to tens of thousands of FPGA designers worldwide. Aplus was acquired by Magma Design Automation in 2003, which is now part of Synopsys.
Cong’s research also made significant impact on high-level synthesis (HLS) for integrated circuits. The decade-long research in 2000s by his group led to another UCLA spin-off, AutoESL Design Automation (2006-2011), co-founded by Cong. AutoESL developed most widely used HLS tool for FPGAs and was acquired by Xilinx in 2011. The HLS tool from AutoESL (renamed as Vivado HLS after Xilinx acquisition) allows FPGA designers to use C/C++ software programming languages instead of hardware description languages for FPGA design and implementation.
In 2009, Cong led a group of twelve faculty members from UCLA, Rice, Ohio-State, and UC Santa Barbara and won a highly competitive NSF Expeditions in Computing Award on Customizable Domain-Specific Computing (CDSC).Cong’s  research on interconnect-centric design for integrated circuits plays a significant role in overcoming the timing closure challenge in deep submicron designs in 1990s. His work on VLSI interconnect planning, synthesis, and layout optimization as well as highly scalable multi-level analytical circuit placement are embedded in the core of all physical synthesis tools developed by the EDA industry. The best-known industry adoption example was Magma Design Automation, which was founded in 1997 aiming at achieving timing closure through physical synthesis. Cong served on its Technical Advisory Board since its inception until its IPO, and later as its Chief Technology Advisor from 2003 to 2008. Magma was acquired by Synopsys in 2012.


== Selected awards ==
Cong's work on FlowMap received the 2011 ACM/IEEE A. Richard Newton Technical Impact Award in Electric Design Automation "for pioneering work on technology mapping for FPGA that has made significant impact to the FPGA research community and industry", and was the first inducted to the FPGA and Reconfigurable Computing Hall of Fame by ACM TCFPGA.
Cong was elected to IEEE Fellow in 2000 "for seminal contributions in computer-aided design of integrated circuits, especially in physical design automation, interconnect optimization, and synthesis of FPGAs", and ACM Fellow in 2008 "for contributions to electronic design automation".He received the 2010 IEEE Circuits and System (CAS) Society Technical Achievement Award "For seminal contributions to electronic design automation, especially in FPGA synthesis, VLSI interconnect optimization, and physical design automation", and also the 2016 IEEE Computer Society Technical Achievement Award "For setting the algorithmic foundations for high-level synthesis of field programmable gate arrays". He is the only one who received a Technical Achievement Award from both the IEEE Circuits and Systems Society and the Computer Society.
In February 2017, Cong was elected as a member in National Academy of Engineering. He was elected a foreign member of the Chinese Academy of Engineering in 2019.


== References ==


== External links ==
Jason Cong publications indexed by Google ScholarRobert Lee Constable (born 1942) is an American computer scientist. He is a professor of computer science and first and former dean of the department at Cornell University, United States. He is known for his work on connecting computer programs and mathematical proofs, especially the Nuprl system. Alonzo Church was supervising the junior thesis of Robert while he was studying in Princeton.  Constable received his PhD in 1968 under Stephen Kleene and has supervised over 40 students, including Edmund M. Clarke, Robert Harper, Kurt Mehlhorn,  Steven Muchnick, Pavel Naumov, and Ryan Stansifer. He is a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery.
Constable has been a director of the Marktoberdorf Summer School.


== Selected publications ==
R. L. Constable and M. J. O'Donnell. A Programming Logic, Winthrop, Cambridge, 1978.
R. L. Constable, S. D. Johnson and C. D. Eichenlaub. An Introduction to the PL/CV2 Programming Logic. In Lecture Notes in Computer Science 135, Springer-Verlag, 1982
PRL Group. Implementing Mathematics with the Nuprl Proof Development System. Prentice-Hall, Engelwood Cliffs, NJ, 1986.


== References ==


== External links ==
Homepage at Department of Computing and Information Science, Cornell University
Robert Lee Constable at the Mathematics Genealogy ProjectThomas Martin Conte (born 1964) is the Associate Dean for Research and Professor of Computer Science at Georgia Institute of Technology College of Computing; and, since 2011, also Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering (joint appointed) at Georgia Institute of Technology College of Engineering. He is a fellow of Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE).  He served as the president of the IEEE Computer Society in 2015.


== Biography ==
Conte received his Bachelor of Electrical Engineering degree in 1986 from the University of Delaware, his Master of Science in electrical engineering in 1988 from the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign, and his Doctor of Philosophy in electrical engineering in 1992 from the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign. He started his career as an assistant professor at the University of South Carolina. In 1995, Conte moved to North Carolina State University (in Raleigh, North Carolina), where he was an assistant professor (1995–1998), then an associate professor (1998–2002), and finally a full professor of electrical and computer engineering (2003–2008).  During the summer of 2008 Conte moved to Atlanta, Georgia, and took his current position as a joint full professor of computer science in the College of Computing and Electrical & Computer Engineering in the College of Engineering at Georgia Institute of Technology. Somewhere in there (2000–2001) he took a short detour to DSP startup BOPS, inc. to serve as a manager of their back and compiler group and "chief microarchitect" (because they already had a "chief architect").In 2004, the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign awarded Conte its Young Alumni Achievement Award.
Conte currently directs several Ph.D. students in topics ranging from compiler design to advanced microarchitectures. His research is or has been supported by DARPA, Compaq (formerly Digital), Hewlett-Packard (formerly Compaq), IBM, Intel, Qualcomm, Texas Instruments, Sun, NASA, and the National Science Foundation.Conte is best known for contributions to the fields of compiler code generation, computer architecture and computer performance evaluation.In 2014 Dr. Conte was elected to be the 2015 President of the IEEE Computer Society.


== Academic contributions ==


=== Computer architecture ===
Conte realized in the early 1990s that Flynn's prediction of the fetch bandwidth being the limit to increasing instruction-level parallelism was coming true.  His oft-cited International Symposium on Computer Architecture paper and subsequent work on instruction fetch mechanisms have influenced industry and spawned much follow-on research. More recently, Conte and his Ph.D. students invented a technique to predict data values with very high (~90%) accuracy and showed how predicting data values can be used to scale the memory wall by enabling aggressive prefetching.  The work is of great interest to industry design teams who are struggling with performance limitations imposed by the speed gap between microprocessors and memory systems.  Conte and his students have also developed a very small yet highly effective prefetcher termed the Spectral Prefetcher.  This was published in the ACM Transactions on Computer Systems.
Conte has also contributed to EPIC architectures.  One well-known example is that his technique for the then-pressing problem (ca. early ‘90s) of VLIW cross-generation code compatibility.  In a technique he and his students termed “dynamic rescheduling,” Conte brought to bear on the problem collaboration between the ISA, the hardware and the compiler to reschedule code with minimal performance loss at first-time page misses to the code.  This work has major implications on the long-term viability of the EPIC architecture proposed in Intel Itanium processor family.  The research also helped make code optimization during runtime a practical approach.  In this way, his research is now also considered one of the pioneering works on dynamic code optimization.  One of his Ph.D. students went on to build tools such as the HP Dynamo dynamic optimizer and another Ph.D. student went on to build the IBM DAISY dynamic optimizer.


=== Compiler code generation ===
Conte has also made significant contributions to profile-driven optimization.  He was the first to realize that the limit to profile-driven optimization wasn't the technology itself, but it was the slowdown due to profiling that prevented its adoption by industry.  He and his students devised clever techniques to extract profile information from branch predictors on Intel Pentium processor. He then went on to prescribe new design criteria for microprocessor performance monitoring hardware to make such hardware useful to a compiler.  The results are reflected in the performance counters that are present in the Intel Itanium, co-designed by one of Conte's Ph.D. students (Kishore Menezes).
In compiler code generation, Conte developed Treegion Scheduling, a novel technique for code scheduling that is used today in VLIW DSP compilers.  The technique can produce performance similar to Scott Mahlke's hyperblock scheduling, but without needing predication support in the hardware.  He and his students also invented a technique for scheduling code in the presence of distributed register files (as are common in DSPs), optimizing code for both run time efficiency and code size efficiency (as is critical for  embedded code), and exploiting value locality in code generation of EPIC architectures.


=== Computer performance analysis ===
Conte has devised long lasting and important techniques for fast simulation of computer architectures.  One example of this are his techniques for applying sampling to processor performance studies in such a way as to allow the calculation of confidence intervals.  Prior to that work, there had been no attempt to introduce error bar calculations into sampling.  The results were expected to be taken on faith alone.  He similarly pioneered fast simulation techniques for caches and processor pipelines.  He continues to be active here and has consulted on this topic for many companies, including AT&T, IBM, NCR S3 (SONICblue) and Qualcomm.


=== Rebooting Computing ===

In late 2012, Conte along with Elie Track proposed the IEEE Rebooting Computing Initiative.  This initiative has had major influence on US and international research priorities .


== International Roadmap for Devices and Systems ==
In 2015, Conte worked with IEEE Fellow Paolo Gargini to bring the International Technology Roadmap for Semiconductors into the IEEE after the Semiconductor Industry Association had ceased sponsorship of the organization.  In recognition of the changing landscape of the electronics and computer industries, Conte and Gargini renamed the effort the International Roadmap for Devices and Systems.Since 2016, Conte has served as the vice chair of the IRDS.


== Notable Students ==
Anand Lal Shimpi


== References ==Lynn Ann Conway (born January 2, 1938) is an American computer scientist, electrical engineer, inventor, and transgender activist.Conway is notable for a number of pioneering achievements. She worked at IBM in the 1960s and is credited with the invention of generalized dynamic instruction handling, a key advance used in out-of-order execution, used by most modern computer processors to improve performance. She is also widely-known for the Mead-Conway VLSI chip design revolution in very large scale integrated (VLSI) microchip design. That revolution spread rapidly through the research universities and computing industries during the 1980s, incubating an emerging electronic design automation industry, spawning the modern 'foundry' infrastructure for chip design and production, and triggering a rush of impactful high-tech startups in the 1980s and 1990s.


== Early life and education ==
Conway grew up in White Plains, New York. Conway was shy and experienced gender dysphoria as a child. She became fascinated and engaged by astronomy (building a 6-inch (150 mm) reflector telescope one summer) and did well in math and science in high school. Conway entered MIT in 1955, earning high grades but ultimately leaving in despair after an attempted gender transition in 1957–58 failed due to the medical climate at the time. After working as an electronics technician for several years, Conway resumed education at Columbia University's School of Engineering and Applied Science, earning B.S. and M.S.E.E. degrees in 1962 and 1963.


== Early research at IBM ==
Conway was recruited by IBM Research in Yorktown Heights, New York in 1964, and was soon selected to join the architecture team designing an advanced supercomputer, working alongside John Cocke, Brian Randell, Herbert Schorr, Ed Sussenguth, Fran Allen and other IBM researchers on the Advanced Computing Systems (ACS) project, inventing multiple-issue out-of-order dynamic instruction scheduling while working there. The Computer History Museum has stated that "the ACS machines appears to have been the first superscalar design, a computer architectural paradigm widely exploited in modern high-performance microprocessors."


== Gender transition ==
After learning of the pioneering research of Harry Benjamin in treating transsexual women and realising that gender affirmation surgery was now possible, Conway sought his help and became his patient. After suffering from severe depression from gender dysphoria, Conway contacted Benjamin, who agreed to provide counseling and prescribe hormones. Under Benjamin's care, Conway began her medical gender transition.While struggling with life in a male role, Conway had been married to a woman and had two children. Under the legal constraints then in place, she was denied access to their children after transitioning.Although she had hoped to be allowed to transition on the job, IBM fired Conway in 1968 after she revealed her intention to transition. IBM apologized for this in 2020.


== Career as computer scientist ==
Upon completing her transition in 1968, Conway took a new name and identity, and restarted her career in what she called "stealth-mode" as a contract programmer at Computer Applications, Inc. She went on to work at Memorex during 1969–1972 as a digital system designer and computer architect.Conway joined Xerox PARC in 1973, where she led the "LSI Systems" group under Bert Sutherland. When in PARC, Conway founded the "multiproject wafers" (MPW). This new technology made it possible to pack multiple circuit designs from various sources into one single chip. Her new invention increased production and decreased costs. Collaborating with Ivan Sutherland and Carver Mead of Caltech on VLSI design methodology, she co-authored Introduction to VLSI Systems, a groundbreaking work that would soon become a standard textbook in chip design, used in nearly 120 universities by 1983. With over 70,000 copies sold, and the new integration of her MPC79/MOSIS innovations, the Mead and Conway revolution became part of VLSI design.In 1978, Conway served as visiting associate professor of electrical engineering and computer science at MIT, teaching a now famous VLSI design course based on a draft of the Mead–Conway text. The course validated the new design methods and textbook, and established the syllabus and instructor's guidebook used in later courses worldwide.Among Conway's contributions were the invention of dimensionless, scalable design rules that greatly simplified chip design and design tools, and invention of a new form of internet-based infrastructure for rapid prototyping and short-run fabrication of large numbers of chip designs. The new infrastructure was institutionalized as the Metal Oxide Semiconductor Implementation Service (MOSIS) system in 1981. Two years into its success, Mead and Conway received Electronics Magazine's annual award of achievement. Since then, MOSIS has fabricated more than 50,000 circuit designs for commercial firms, government agencies, and research and educational institutions around the world.  VLSI researcher Charles Seitz commented that "MOSIS represented the first period since the pioneering work of Eckert and Mauchley on the ENIAC in the late 1940s that universities and small companies had access to state-of-the-art digital technology."The research methods used to develop the Mead–Conway VLSI design methodology and the MOSIS prototype are documented in a 1981 Xerox report and the Euromicro Journal.  The impact of the Mead–Conway work is described in a number of historical overviews of computing. Conway and her colleagues have compiled an online archive of original papers that documents much of that work. The methods also came under ethnographic study in 1980 by PARC anthropologist Lucy Suchman, who published her interviews with Conway in 2021.In the early 1980s, Conway left Xerox to join DARPA, where she was a key architect of the Defense Department's Strategic Computing Initiative, a research program studying high-performance computing, autonomous systems technology, and intelligent weapons technology.In a USA Today article about Conway's joining DARPA, Mark Stefik, a Xerox scientist who worked with her, said "Lynn would like to live five lives in the course of one life" and that she's "charismatic and very energetic". Douglas Fairbairn, a former Xerox associate, said "She figures out a way so that everybody wins."As sociologist Thomas Streeter discusses in The Net Effect: "By taking this job, Conway was demonstrating that she was no antiwar liberal. (In response to critics, she has said, 'if you have to fight, and sometimes you must in order to deal with bad people, history tells us that it really helps to have the best weapons available)". But Conway carried a sense of computers as tools for horizontal communications that she had absorbed at PARC right into DARPA – at one of the hottest moments of the cold war."
Conway joined the University of Michigan in 1985 as professor of electrical engineering and computer science, and associate dean of engineering. There she worked on "visual communications and control probing for basic system and user-interface concepts as applicable to hybridized internet/broadband-cable communications". She retired from active teaching and research in 1998, as professor emerita at Michigan.In the fall of 2012, the IEEE published a special issue of the IEEE Journal of Solid-State Circuits devoted to Lynn Conway's career, including a career memoir by Conway and peer commentaries by Chuck House, former Director of Engineering at HP, Carlo Séquin, Professor of EECS at U.C. Berkeley, and Ken Shepard, of Columbia University. Subsequently the scope of Conway’s contributions gained wider retrospective attention. “Since I didn’t #LookLikeanEngineer, few people caught on to what I was really doing back in the 70s and 80s,” says Conway."Clearly a new paradigm had emerged . . . Importantly, imaginative support in terms of infrastructure and idea dissemination proved as valuable as the concepts, tools, and chips. The "electronic book" and the "foundry" were both prescient and necessary, providing momentum and proof-points." James F. "Jim" Gibbons, former dean of engineering at Stanford University, further states that Lynn Conway, from his perspective, "...was the singular force behind the entire "foundry" development that emerged." Kenneth Shepard, Professor of Biomedical and Electrical Engineering at Columbia University, stated that "Lynn's amazing story of accomplishment and personal triumph in the face of personal adversity and overt discrimination should serve as an inspiration to all young engineers."In 2020, NAE President John L. Anderson stated that “Lynn Conway is not only a revolutionary pioneer in the design of VLSI systems ... But just as important, Lynn has been very brave in telling her own story, and her perseverance has been a reminder to society that it should not be blind to the innovations of women, people of color, or others who don’t fit long outdated – but unfortunately, persistent – perceptions of what an engineer looks like.”


== Transgender activism ==
When nearing retirement, Conway learned that the story of her early work at IBM might soon be revealed through the investigations of Mark Smotherman that were being prepared for a 2001 publication. She began quietly coming out as a trans woman in 1999 to friends and colleagues about her past gender transition, using her personal website to tell the story in her own words. Her story was then more widely reported in 2000 in profiles in Scientific American and the Los Angeles Times. In a later Forbes interview, Conway commented “From the 1970s to 1999 I was recognized as breaking the gender barrier in the computer science field as a woman, but in 2000 it became the transgender barrier I was breaking.”After going public with her story, she began work in transgender activism, intending to "illuminate and normalize the issues of gender identity and the processes of gender transition". She has worked to protect and expand the rights of transgender people. She has provided direct and indirect assistance to numerous other transgender women going through transition and maintains a well-known website providing medical resources and emotional advice. Parts have been translated into most of the world's major languages. She maintained a listing of many successful post-transition transgender people, to, in her words "provide role models for individuals who are facing gender transition". Her website also provided current news related to transgender issues and information on sex reassignment surgery for transsexual women, facial feminization surgery, academic inquiries into the prevalence of transsexualism and transgender and transsexual issues in general.She has also strongly advocated for equal opportunities and employment protections for transgender people in high-technology industry, and for elimination of the pathologization of transgender people by the psychiatric community.Conway has been a prominent critic of the Blanchard, Bailey, and Lawrence theory of male-to-female transsexualism that all trans women are motivated either by feminine homosexuality or autogynephilia.  She was also a key person in the campaign against J. Michael Bailey's book about the theory, The Man Who Would Be Queen. American transgender rights activist Andrea James, Conway and University of Chicago economics professor Dierdre McCloskey wrote letters to Northwestern University, accusing Bailey of "conducting intimate research observations on human subjects without telling them that they were objects of the study." American bioethicist Alice Dreger in her book Galilieo's Middle Finger criticized Conway for filing a lawsuit against Bailey which had "no legal basis," referring to her allegation that Bailey lacked a license as a clinical psychologist when he wrote letters in support of a young trans woman seeking to transition. According to Dreger, as Bailey did not receive compensation for his services, he would not have needed a license in Illinois, and was "completely forthright in his letters supporting the women, both about the fact that he had only had brief conversations with them (as opposed to having provided them with extensive counseling) and about his own qualifications and expertise...[and] even attached copies of his CV." As Dreger argues, "presumably all this was why [Illinois] never bothered to pursue the charge."  In response, Conway argued that Dreger "deflects attention away from Bailey's book and the massive trans community protest, and caricatures the entire controversy as nothing more than a vicious effort by three rather witch-like women to 'ruin the life' of a brilliant scientist. In doing so, she stoops to new lows as a dirty-trickster by misquoting sources, exploiting sleazy innuendos and fabricating entire story-episodes in order to defame the three women."Conway was a cast member in the first all-transgender performance of The Vagina Monologues in Los Angeles in 2004, and appeared in a LOGO-Channel documentary film about that event entitled Beautiful Daughters.In 2009, Conway was named one of the "Stonewall 40 trans heroes" on the 40th anniversary of the Stonewall riots by the International Court System, one of the oldest and largest predominantly gay organizations in the world, and the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force.In 2013, with support from many prominent thought-leaders in high-technology, Conway and her colleague Leandra Vicci of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill successfully lobbied the board of directors of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) for transgender inclusion in the IEEE's Code of Ethics.  That Code, known within the profession as much as a code of honor as one of ethics, became fully LGBT inclusive in January 2014, thus impacting the world's largest engineering professional society, with 425,000 members in 160 countries. In 2014, Time Magazine named Lynn as one of "21 Transgender People Who Influenced American Culture." In 2015 she was selected for inclusion in "The Trans100".


== Personal life ==
In 1987, Conway met her husband Charles "Charlie" Rogers, a professional engineer who shares her interest in the outdoors, including whitewater canoeing and motocross racing.  They soon started living together, and bought a house with 24 acres (9.7 ha) of meadow, marsh, and woodland in rural Michigan in 1994.  On August 13, 2002, they were married. In 2014, the University of Michigan's The Michigan Engineer alumni magazine documented the connections between Conway's engineering explorations and the adventures in her personal life.


== Awards and honors ==
Conway has received a number of awards and distinctions:

Electronics 1981 Award for Achievement, with Carver Mead
Harold Pender Award of the Moore School, University of Pennsylvania, with Carver Mead, 1984
IEEE EAB Major Educational Innovation Award, 1984
Fellow of the IEEE, 1985, "for contributions to VLSI technology"
John Price Wetherill Medal of the Franklin Institute, with Carver Mead, 1985
Secretary of Defense Meritorious Civilian Service Award, May 1985
Member of the National Academy of Engineering, 1989
National Achievement Award, Society of Women Engineers, 1990
Presidential Appointment to the United States Air Force Academy Board of Visitors, 1996
Honorary Doctorate, Trinity College, 1998
Electronic Design Hall of Fame, 2002
Engineer of the Year, National Organization of Gay and Lesbian Scientists and Technical Professionals, 2005
Named one of the "Stonewall 40 trans heroes" by the Imperial Court System and the National LGBTQ Task Force, 2009.
Computer Pioneer Award, IEEE Computer Society, 2009
Member of the Corporation, Emerita, The Charles Stark Draper Laboratory, 1993–2010
Fellow Award, Computer History Museum, 2014, "For her work in developing and disseminating new methods of integrated circuit design."
Honorary Doctorate, Illinois Institute of Technology, 2014
Steinmetz Memorial Lecture, (Invitational), IEEE/Union College, 2015.
IEEE/RSE James Clerk Maxwell Medal, 2015
Magill Lecture in Science, Technology and the Arts (Invited), Columbia University, 2016
Honorary Doctorate, University of Victoria, 2016
Fellow Award, American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS), 2016
Honorary Doctorate and Commencement Address, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, 2018
Pioneer in Tech Award, National Center for Women in Technology (NCWIT), 2019
Lifetime Achievement Award, IBM Corporation, 2020


== IBM's apology ==
In 2020, 52 years after IBM fired her for being transgender, IBM officially and publicly apologized to Conway; IBM held a public event "Tech Trailblazer and Transgender Pioneer Lynn Conway in conversation with Diane Gherson" (IBM's senior VP of HR);  IBM's Director of Research Dario Gil said "Lynn was recently awarded the rare IBM Lifetime Achievement Award, given to individuals who have changed the world through technology inventions. Lynn's extraordinary technical achievements helped define the modern computing industry. She paved the way for how we design and make computing chips today – and forever changed microelectronics, devices, and people's lives."


== Selected works ==
Mead, Carver; Conway, Lynn (1980). Introduction to VLSI Systems. Addison-Wesley. ISBN 0201043580.
Conway, L. (February 1981). "THE MPC ADVENTURES: Experiences with the Generation of VLSI Design and Implementation Methodologies" (PDF). Xerox PARC Technical Report VLSI-81-2.
Conway, L. (September 23, 1982). "The Design of VLSI Design Methods" (PDF). Proc. VUB European Solid-State Circuits Conference (Invited Lecture). Vrije Universiteit Brüssel, Brussels, Belgium: 106–117.
Conway, Lynn (2012). "Reminiscences of the VLSI Revolution: How a Series of Failures Triggered a Paradigm Shift in Digital Design" (PDF). Solid-State Circuits Magazine. IEEE. doi:10.1109/MSSC.2012.2215752.{{cite news}}:  CS1 maint: url-status (link)
Conway, L. (October 2018). "The Disappeared: Beyond Winning and Losing". Computer. Vol. 51. IEEE Computer Society. pp. 66–73.
Conway, Lynn (2011). "IBM-ACS: Reminiscences and Lessons Learned from a 1960's Supercomputer Project" (PDF).  In Jones, C. B.; Lloyd, J. L. (eds.). Dependable and Historic Computing: Essays Dedicated to Brian Randell on the Occasion of his 75th Birthday. Springer-Verlag. pp. 185–224. ISBN 978-3-642-24541-1.
Conway, Lynn. "Lynn Conway's IBM-ACS Archive". University of Michigan. Retrieved June 4, 2016.
Conway, L.; Randell, Brian; Senzig, D. (February 23, 1966). "Dynamic Instruction Scheduling" (PDF). IBM-ACS.
Rozenberg, D.; Conway, L.; Riekert, R. (March 15, 1966). "ACS Simulation Technique" (PDF). IBM-ACS.
Conway, L. (August 25, 1967). "MPM Timing Simulation" (PDF). IBM-ACS.
Conway, L. (November 29, 1967). "ACS Logic Design Conventions: A Guide for the Novice" (PDF). IBM-ACS.
Conway, L (October 31, 1967). "A Proposed ACS Logic Simulation System" (PDF). IBM-ACS.
Conway, L. (August 6, 1968). "The Computer Design Process: A Proposed Plan for ACS" (PDF). IBM-ACS.


== Patents ==
US 5046022, Conway, Lynn; Volz, Richard & Walker, Michael, "Teleautonomous System and Method Employing Time/Position Synchrony/Desynchrony", issued September 3, 1991. 
US 5444476, Conway, Lynn, "System and Method for Teleinteraction", issued August 22, 1995 
US 5652849, Conway, Lynn & Cohen, Charles, "Apparatus and Method for Remote Control Using a Visual Information Stream", issued July 20, 1997 
US 5719622, Conway, Lynn, "Visual Control Selection of Remote Mechanisms", issued February 17, 1998 
US 5745782, Conway, Lynn, "Method and System for Organizing and Presenting Audio/Visual Information", issued April 28, 1998 


== References ==


== Further reading ==
Saari, Peggy; Allison, Stephen (1996). Scientists: The Lives and Works of 150 Scientists. New York [u.a.]: UXL. ISBN 9780787609603.


== External links ==
 Media related to Lynn Conway at Wikimedia Commons

Official websiteMelvin Edward Conway is a computer scientist, computer programmer, and hacker who coined what is now known as Conway's law: "Organizations, who design systems, are constrained to produce designs which are copies of the communication structures of these organizations." The adage remains relevant in modern software engineering and is still being referenced and investigated.Apart from the above, Conway is perhaps most famous for developing the concept of coroutines. Conway coined the term coroutine in 1958 and he was the first to apply the concept to an assembly program. He later authored a seminal paper on the subject of coroutines, titled "Design of a Separable Transition-diagram Compiler", which included the first published explanation of the concept. In this paper, he proposed organizing a compiler as a set of coroutines, which allows using separate passes while debugging and then running a single pass compiler in production. Another famous paper is his 1958 proposal of an UNCOL, a Universal Computer Oriented Language, which attempted to provide a solution to economically produce compilers for new programming languages and computer architectures.
Conway wrote an assembler for the Burroughs model 220 computer called SAVE. The name SAVE was not an acronym, but a feature: programmers lost fewer punched card decks because they all had "SAVE" written on them.His work on Pascal compiler for Rockwell Semiconductor (an immediate-turnaround Pascal trainer for the Rockwell AIM-65) led to an arrangement between Apple and Think Technologies (where he served as a principal) under which the latter produced the original (1984) Mac Pascal and Apple II Instant Pascal.
In the 1970s, he was involved with the MUMPS (Massachusetts General Hospital Utility Multi-Programming System) medical programming language standard specification for the National Bureau of Standards. He also wrote a reference book on MUMPS in 1983.Conway was granted a US patent in 2001 on "Dataflow processing with events", concerned with programming using graphical user interfaces. The patent expired in 2019.In 2002, Conway obtained a teacher license for high school math and physics in Massachusetts. He taught at Chelsea High School from 2002 to 2006.


== Education ==
Ph.D. Mathematics, Case Western Reserve University (1961). Dissertation: "A Set-Theoretic Model For Logical Systems", Advisor: Raymond John Nelson
M.S. Physics, California Institute of Technology
B.S. Physics, Case Western Reserve University


== Selected publications ==
Conway, Melvin E. (July 1963). "Design of a separable transition-diagram compiler". Communications of the ACM, vol. 6, num. 7, pp. 396–408. doi: 10.1145/366663.366704
Conway, Melvin E. (April 1968). "How do Committees Invent?". Datamation, vol. 14, num. 4, pp. 28–31.


== References ==


== External links ==
melconway.com Conway's personal home page
@conways_law Conway's Twitter profile
Melvin Conway at the Mathematics Genealogy ProjectDiane Joyce Cook is an American computer scientist whose research interests include artificial intelligence, data mining, machine learning, home automation, and smart environments. She is Regents Professor and Huie-Rogers Chair Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at Washington State University.Her research has included methods for testing the intelligence of artificially intelligent systems, using sensors in home automation to detect mental issues in older residents, developing robotic home care assistants, adapting to the habits of smart home owners, and more generally application of ubiquitous computing and ambient intelligence in home automation.


== Education and career ==
Cook studied mathematics and computer science at Wheaton College (Illinois), graduating in 1985. She went to the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign for graduate study, earning a master's degree in 1987 on the automation of music notation under the joint supervision of computer scientist William Kubiz and experimental musician Sever Tipei, and completing a Ph.D. in 1990 on topics related to planning in artificial intelligence, supervised by Robert Stepp.She became an assistant professor at the University of South Florida and a faculty fellow at the NASA Ames Research Center, but quickly moved to the University of Texas at Arlington, becoming professor there in 2001 and University Distinguished Scholar Professor in 2004. In 2006, she moved to Washington State University as Regents Professor and Huie-Rogers Chair.


== Books ==
Cook is the coauthor of:

Smart Environments: Technology, Protocols, and Applications (with Sajal K. Das, Wiley, 2005)
Activity Learning: Discovering, Recognizing, and Predicting Human Behavior from Sensor Data (with Narayanan C. Krishnan, Wiley, 2015)With Lawrence B. Holder, she is the co-editor of Mining Graph Data (Wiley, 2007).


== Recognition ==
Cook was named a Fellow of the IEEE in 2008, "for contributions to machine learning algorithm design and application". In 2016 she was named a Fellow of the National Academy of Inventors.


== References ==


== External links ==
Home page
Diane J. Cook publications indexed by Google ScholarStephen Arthur Cook,  (born December 14, 1939) is an American-Canadian computer scientist and mathematician who has made major contributions to the fields of complexity theory and proof complexity. He is a university professor at the University of Toronto, Department of Computer Science and Department of Mathematics.


== Biography ==

Cook received his bachelor's degree in 1961 from the University of Michigan, and his master's degree and Ph.D. from Harvard University, respectively in 1962 and 1966, from the Mathematics Department. He joined the University of California, Berkeley, mathematics department in 1966 as an assistant professor, and stayed there until 1970 when he was denied reappointment. In a speech celebrating the 30th anniversary of the Berkeley electrical engineering and computer sciences department, fellow Turing Award winner and Berkeley professor Richard Karp said that, "It is to our everlasting shame that we were unable to persuade the math department to give him tenure." Cook joined the faculty of the University of Toronto, Computer Science and Mathematics Departments in 1970 as an associate professor, where he was promoted to professor in 1975 and Distinguished Professor in 1985.


== Research ==
Stephen Cook is considered one of the forefathers of computational complexity theory.
During his PhD, Cook worked on complexity of functions, mainly on multiplication. In his seminal 1971 paper "The Complexity of Theorem Proving Procedures", Cook formalized the notions of polynomial-time reduction (also known as Cook reduction) and NP-completeness, and proved the existence of an NP-complete problem by showing that the Boolean satisfiability problem (usually known as SAT) is NP-complete. This theorem was proven independently by Leonid Levin in the Soviet Union, and has thus been given the name the Cook–Levin theorem. The paper also formulated the most famous problem in computer science, the P vs. NP problem. Informally, the "P vs. NP" question asks whether every optimization problem whose answers can be efficiently verified for correctness/optimality can be solved optimally with an efficient algorithm. Given the abundance of such optimization problems in everyday life, a positive answer to the "P vs. NP" question would likely have profound practical and philosophical consequences.
Cook conjectures that there are optimization problems (with easily checkable solutions) that cannot be solved by efficient algorithms, i.e., P is not equal to NP. This conjecture has generated a great deal of research in computational complexity theory, which has considerably improved our understanding of the inherent difficulty of computational problems and what can be computed efficiently. Yet, the conjecture remains open and is among the seven famous Millennium Prize Problems.In 1982, Cook received the Turing Award for his contributions to complexity theory. His citation reads:

For his advancement of our understanding of the complexity of computation in a significant and profound way. His seminal paper, The Complexity of Theorem Proving Procedures, presented at the 1971 ACM SIGACT Symposium on the Theory of Computing, laid the foundations for the theory of NP-Completeness. The ensuing exploration of the boundaries and nature of NP-complete class of problems has been one of the most active and important research activities in computer science for the last decade.
In his "Feasibly Constructive Proofs and the Propositional Calculus" paper published in 1975, he introduced the equational theory PV (standing for Polynomial-time Verifiable) to formalize the notion of proofs using only polynomial-time concepts. He made another major contribution to the field in his 1979 paper, joint with his student Robert A. Reckhow, "The Relative Efficiency of Propositional Proof Systems", in which they formalized the notions of p-simulation and efficient propositional proof system, which started an area now called propositional proof complexity. They proved that the existence of a proof system in which every true formula has a short proof is equivalent to NP = coNP. Cook co-authored a book with his student Phuong The Nguyen in this area titled "Logical Foundations of Proof Complexity".His main research areas are complexity theory and proof complexity, with excursions into programming language semantics, parallel computation, and artificial intelligence. Other areas that he has contributed to include bounded arithmetic, bounded reverse mathematics, complexity of higher type functions, complexity of analysis, and lower bounds in propositional proof systems.


=== Some other contributions ===
He named the complexity class NC after Nick Pippenger. The complexity class SC is named after him. The definition of the complexity class AC0 and its hierarchy AC are also introduced by him.According to Don Knuth the KMP algorithm was inspired by Cook's automata for recognizing concatenated palindromes in linear time.


== Awards and honors ==
Cook was awarded an NSERC E.W.R. Steacie Memorial Fellowship in 1977, a Killam Research Fellowship in 1982, and received the CRM-Fields-PIMS prize in 1999. He has won John L. Synge Award and Bernard Bolzano Medal, and is a fellow of the Royal Society of London and Royal Society of Canada. Cook was elected to membership in the National Academy of Sciences (United States) and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
Cook won the ACM Turing Award in 1982. 
Association for Computing Machinery honored him as a Fellow of ACM in 2008 for his
fundamental contributions to the theory of computational complexity.
He was selected by the Association for Symbolic Logic to give the Gödel Lecture in 1999.The Government of Ontario appointed him to the Order of Ontario in 2013, the highest honor in Ontario. He has won the 2012 Gerhard Herzberg Canada Gold Medal for Science and Engineering, the highest honor for scientists and engineers in Canada. The Herzberg Medal is awarded by NSERC for "both the sustained excellence and overall influence of research work conducted in Canada in the natural sciences or engineering". He was named an Officer of the Order of Canada in 2015.Cook was granted the BBVA Foundation Frontiers of Knowledge Award 2015 in the Information and Communication Technologies category "for his important role in identifying what computers can and cannot solve efficiently," in the words of the jury's citation. His work, it continues, "has had a dramatic impact in all fields where complex computations are crucial."
Cook has supervised numerous MSc students, and 34 PhD students have completed their degrees under his supervision.


== Personal life ==
Cook lives with his wife in Toronto. They have two sons, Gordon and James. He plays the violin and enjoys sailing. He is often called by his short name Steve Cook.


== See also ==
List of pioneers in computer science


== References ==


== External links ==
Home page of Stephen A. Cook
‘P versus NP’ and the Limits of Computation - Public lecture given by Stephen Cook at the University of Toronto
Oral history interview with Stephen Cook at Charles Babbage Institute, University of Minnesota.   Cook discussed his education at the University of Michigan and Harvard University and early work at the University of California, Berkeley, and his growing interest in problems of computational complexity. Cook recounted his move to the University of Toronto in 1970 and the reception of his work on NP-completeness, leading up to his A.M. Turing Award.
Stephen Arthur Cook at the Mathematics Genealogy Project 
Stephen A. Cook at DBLP Bibliography ServerWilliam Randall Cook (November 21, 1963 – October 27, 2021) was an American computer scientist, who was an associate professor in the Department of Computer Sciences at the University of Texas at Austin. 
Cook was born on November 21, 1963. He received his Ph.D. in computer science in 1989 at  Brown University. His research concentrates on object-oriented programming, programming languages, modeling languages, and the interface between programming languages and databases. Prior to joining UT in 2003,  he was chief technology officer and co-founder of Allegis Corporation, where he was chief architect for several award-winning products, including the eBusiness Suite at Allegis, the writer's Solution for Prentice Hall, and the AppleScript language at Apple Computer.
At HP Labs his research was on the foundations of object-oriented languages, including formal models of mixins, inheritance, and typed models of object-oriented languages.
Cook won the Senior Dahl–Nygaard Prize in 2014. He died on October 27, 2021, at the age of 57.


== Selected papers ==
Inheritance is not subtyping, Proceedings of the 17th ACM SIGPLAN-SIGACT symposium on Principles of programming languages (1990)
AppleScript. Proceedings of the third ACM SIGPLAN conference on History of programming languages (HOPL III) Pages 1–21 ACM, 2007.


== References ==


== External links ==
Home page at University of Texas
Papers and citations according to Google Scholar.
Publications as listed in DBLP.Danese Cooper is an American programmer, computer scientist and advocate of open source software.


== Career ==
Cooper has managed teams at Symantec and Apple Inc. For six years, she served as chief open source "evangelist" for Sun Microsystems before leaving to serve as senior director for open source strategies at Intel. In 2009 she worked as "Open Source Diva" at REvolution Computing (now Revolution Analytics). She is a board member of the Open Source Hardware Association. She is a board observer at Mozilla, and serves as a member of the Apache Software Foundation.  She was a board member at the Drupal Association and the Open Source Initiative. In October 2018, Danese joined Irish tech company NearForm as VP of Special Initiatives.


=== Open source ===
Cooper's major work within the open source area of computer software has garnered her the nickname "Open Source Diva". She was recruited, while at a sushi bar in Cupertino, to a position at Sun working towards opening the source code to Java. Within six months she quit frustrated by the claims of open source development with Java that Sun made, only to find that little "open sourcing" was taking place. Sun sought to keep Cooper understanding her need to further open source software and re-hired her as their corporate open source officer. Her six years with Sun Microsystems is credited as the key to the company opening up its source code and lending support to Sun's OpenOffice.org software suite, Oracle Grid Engine, among others. In 2009 she joined REvolution Computing, a "provider of open source predictive analytics solutions", to work on community outreach amongst developers unfamiliar with the programming language R and general open source strategies. She has also made public speaking appearances discussing open sourcing, speaking at the Malaysian National Computer Confederation Open Source Compatibility Centre, OSCON, gov2.0 Expo, and the Southern California Linux Expo. In 2005 Cooper was a contributing author to Open Sources 2.0: The Continuing Evolution.


=== Wikimedia Foundation ===
In February 2010 Cooper was appointed Chief Technical Officer of the Wikimedia Foundation, leading their technical team and developing and executing the Foundation's technical strategy, along with which she would also be working on outreach with Wikimedia volunteers to expand on development and localizing of software. Cooper credits the open source community in helping her obtain the position at Wikimedia. She left the organization in July 2011.


=== InnerSource ===
Danese Cooper is the founder and chair of the InnerSource Commons Foundation. In 2018 she co-authored Adopting InnerSource with Klaas-Jan Stol which was published by O'Reilly.


=== daneseWorks ===
In June 2011, Cooper started a consultancy, daneseWorks, whose first client was inBloom. She is also currently helping Numenta with their open source & machine learning strategy.


== Personal life ==
Danese Cooper obtained her high school diploma from Chadwick School and her B.A. from the University of California, Los Angeles. Upon graduation she spent time in Morocco as a volunteer in the Peace Corps. Cooper credits her time with the Peace Corps as fostering her desire to travel and work within the developing world to explore policy, education and how open source software can "give certain kids another alternative". She is married to a software developer and enjoys knitting, which she often engages in during meetings.


== See also ==
List of Wikipedia people


== References ==


== External links ==
Danese Cooper on Twitter 
"Happy campers to test frontiers of new iPhone; Tech enthusiasts share ideas for latest gadget". Edmonton Journal. Edmonton, Alberta. 6 Jul 2007. Cooper speaks about the iPhone and its capabilities.
Cooper, D., C. DiBona and M. Stone. Open Sources 2.0: The Continuing Evolution. Cambridge: O'Reilly. 2010. ISBN 978-1-171-64816-1 Cooper serves as a contributor to this book documenting open source technology.
Wickenheiser, Matt. "Sun Microsystems Guru Gives Talk on Open-Source Software at Maine Conference". Portland Press Herald. Portland, Maine. 16 Nov 2002. Cooper is interviewed about open source software and corporate concerns.
New DivaBlog, Danese Cooper's blog
"Danese Cooper (of Sun) Finally Answers", an interview with Slashdot
"Why Whinging Doesn't Work" Cooper speaks at OSCON 2008
"Making Government Transparent Using R", an interview with Cooper by James Turner for O'Reilly Radar
"Q&A: Danese Cooper, Wikimedia" with Justin Lee at The Whir
Sun open-source diva departs for IntelKeith D. Cooper is an American computer scientist, currently the L. John and Ann H. Doerr Professor of Computational Engineering at Rice University. He has been a Professor of Computer Science at Rice since July 1989 and served as the chair of that department from 2002 to 2008. As 
of July 2019, he serves as the Chair of the Department of Computational and Applied Mathematics.  His primary research area has been program analysis and optimization.  He was one of the founding members of the compiler group at Rice. He and Linda Torczon co-authored the book Engineering a Compiler.


== References ==Thomas H. Cormen is the co-author of Introduction to Algorithms, along with Charles Leiserson, Ron Rivest, and Cliff Stein. In 2013, he published a new book titled Algorithms Unlocked. He is a professor of computer science at Dartmouth College and former Chairman of the Dartmouth College Department of Computer Science. Between 2004 and 2008 he directed the Dartmouth College Writing Program. His research interests are algorithm engineering, parallel computing, speeding up computations with high latency.


== Early life and education ==
Thomas H. Cormen was born in New York City in 1956. He grew up in Oceanside, New York.
He received his bachelor's degree summa cum laude in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from Princeton University in June 1978.He then went to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he earned his master's degree in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science in May 1986 with a thesis on "Concentrator Switches for Routing Messages in Parallel Computers" and his PhD with a thesis on "Virtual Memory for Data-Parallel Computing" in February 1993.From July 2004 through June 2008, he was the director of the Dartmouth Institute for Writing and Rhetoric.


== Honors and awards ==
During his career he received several honors and awards:
Elected to Phi Beta Kappa, Tau Beta Pi, Eta Kappa Nu.
National Science Foundation Fellowship.
Best Presentation Award, 1986 International Conference on Parallel Processing, St. Charles, Illinois.
Distinguished Presentation Award, 1987 International Conference on Parallel Processing, St. Charles, Illinois.
Professional and Scholarly Publishing Award in Computer Science and Data Processing, Association of American Publishers, 1990.
Dartmouth College Class of 1962 Faculty Fellowship, 1995–1996.
Jacobus Family Fellow, Dartmouth College, 1998–1999.
McLane Family Fellow, Dartmouth College, 2004–2005.


== Bibliography ==
Cormen, Thomas H.; Leiserson, Charles E.; Rivest, Ronald L. (1990). Introduction to Algorithms (first ed.). MIT Press and McGraw-Hill. ISBN 978-0-262-03141-7.
Cormen, Thomas H. (2002). Algorithmic Complexity. CRC Press.
Cormen, Thomas H.; Leiserson, Charles E.; Rivest, Ronald L.; Stein, Clifford (2001). Introduction to Algorithms (second ed.). MIT Press and McGraw-Hill. ISBN 978-0-262-53196-2.
Cormen, Thomas H.; Clara Lee; Erica Lin (2002). Instructor's Manual to Accompany Introduction to Algorithms, Second Edition (second ed.). MIT Press.
Cormen, Thomas H.; Leiserson, Charles E.; Rivest, Ronald L.; Stein, Clifford (2009). Introduction to Algorithms (third ed.). MIT Press. ISBN 978-0-262-03384-8.
Cormen, Thomas H. (2009). Instructor's Manual to Accompany Introduction to Algorithms, Third edition (third ed.). MIT Press.
Cormen, Thomas H. (2013). Algorithms Unlocked (first ed.). MIT Press. ISBN 978-0-262-51880-2.


== Notes ==


== External links ==
Home page of Thomas H. Cormen
Introduction to Algorithms by Thomas H. CormenCorinna Cortes is a Danish computer scientist known for her contributions to machine learning. She is currently the Head of Google Research, New York. Cortes is a recipient of the Paris Kanellakis Theory and Practice Award for her work on theoretical foundations of support vector machines.


== Early life ==
Corinna Cortes was born in 1961 in Denmark.


== Education and research ==
Cortes received her M.S. degree in physics from Copenhagen University in 1989. In the same year she joined AT&T Bell Labs as a researcher and remained there for about ten years. She received her Ph.D. in computer science from the University of Rochester in 1993. Since 2003, she has served as the Head of Google Research, New York, and since 2011, as adjunct professor at the Department of Computer Science, University of Copenhagen. She is an Editorial Board member of the journal Machine Learning.Cortes' research covers a wide range of topics in machine learning, including support vector machines and data mining. At AT&T, Cortes helped write the data mining programming language Hancock. In 2008, she jointly with Vladimir Vapnik received the Paris Kanellakis Theory and Practice Award for the development of a highly effective algorithm for supervised learning known as support vector machines (SVM). Today, SVM is one of the most frequently used algorithms in machine learning, which is used in many practical applications, including medical diagnosis and weather forecasting.


== Personal life ==
Corinna has two children and is also a competitive runner.


== References ==


== External links ==Pamela Cosman is a professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of California, San Diego. She has conducted pioneering research on the quality of compressed images for application in medical diagnostic imaging. At UCSD, Cosman currently researches ways to improve wireless video transmission.


== Early life and education ==
Pamela C. Cosman obtained her B.Sc. with Honor in Electrical Engineering from the California Institute of Technology in 1987, and her Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering from Stanford University in 1993 with doctoral advisor Dr. Bob Gray.


== Career and research ==
Following an NSF postdoctoral fellowship at Stanford and at the University of Minnesota (1993–1995), she joined the faculty of the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of California, San Diego. Currently, Dr. Cosman is a Professor at the University of California, San Diego. Cosman's lab conducts research on video compression in an effort to minimize losses during wireless transmission.Cosman simultaneously conducts sociology research on interruptions and introductions during job talks to explore the bias that exists in the hiring process for computer science and engineering faculty. Cosman is also the Faculty Equity Advisor at UCSD's Jacobs School of Engineering where she conducts unconscious bias training for the faculty search committees. The effects of Cosman's course were evident in the nearly 20% increase in female faculty hired between 2013 and 2018. Cosman's efforts were recognized when she won a state grant for enhancing diversity in her department in 2016 as well as the Diversity Award at the ECEDHA Annual Conference and ECExpo in 2019. Cosman is also the author of a children's novel called The Secret Code Menace, which uses a narrative about two siblings to keep readers aged 9–12 engaged as it introduces concepts in coding theory like error correction code.


== Awards and recognition ==
Inaugural holder of the Dr. John and Felia Proakis Chancellor Faculty Fellowship
2018 National Diversity Awards from ECEDHA (Electrical and Computer Engineering Department Heads Association)
2017 Athena Pinnacle Award - Outstanding Educator
2016 UC San Diego Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action and Diversity Award
2008 Fellow of the IEEE
1997-1998 Powell Faculty Fellowship


== Selected publications ==
Publications include:
Song Q, Cosman PC. Luminance Enhancement and Detail Preservation of Images and Videos Adapted to Ambient Illumination. IEEE Trans Image Process. 2018 Oct; 27(10):4901-4915. PMID 29969400.
Peng YT, Cao K, Cosman PC. Generalization of the Dark Channel Prior for Single Image Restoration. IEEE Trans Image Process. 2018 Jun; 27(6):2856-2868. PMID 29570087.
Peng YT, Cosman PC. Underwater Image Restoration Based on Image Blurriness and Light Absorption. IEEE Trans Image Process. 2017 Apr; 26(4):1579-1594. PMID 28182556.
S. Guo, E. Ho, Y. Zhang, Q. Chen, V. Meng, J. Cao, S. Wu, L. Chukoskie and P.C. Cosman, "Using Face and Object Detection to Quantify Looks During Social Interactions," IEEE International Sympoiusm on Biomedical Imaging (ISBI), April 2018.
K. Cao, Y.-T. Peng, and P.C. Cosman, "Underwater Image Restoration using Deep Networks to Estimate Background Light and Scene Depth," IEEE Southwest Sympoiusm on Image Analysis and Interpretation (SSIAI), April 2018.
B.A. Myers, E. Knaplus-Soran, D.C. Llewellyn, A. Delaney, S. Cunningham, P. Cosman, T.D. Ennis, and K. Pitts, "Redshirt in Engineering: A model for improving equity and inclusion," 2018 CoNECD – The Collaborative Network for Engineering and Computing Diversity Conference, Crystal City, April 2018
E.A. Riskin, J. Milford, J. Callahan, P. Cosman, et al., "The redshirt in engineering consortium: Progress and early insights," Proc. of the 125th ASEE Annual Conference and Exposition, Salt Lake City, June 2018
E. Knaplus-Soran, A. Delaney, K.C. Tetrick, S. Cunningham, P. Cosman, et al., "Work in Progress: Institutional Context and the Implementation of the Redshirt in Engineering Model at Six Universities," Proc. of the 125th ASEE Annual Conference and Exposition, Salt Lake City, June 2018
F. Li, Y. Mei, Z. Liu, and P.C. Cosman, "Scene-Aware Soccer Video QoE Assessment- A Compressed-Domain Approach," IEEE International Conference on Multimedia and Expo, July 2018.
Z. Ye, R. Hegazy, W. Zhou, P.C. Cosman, and L. Milstein, "Joint Energy Optimization of Video Encoding and Transmission," Picture Coding Symposium, PCS 2018.
B. Luo, Q. Peng, P.C. Cosman, and L. Milstein, "Robustness of Deep Modulation Recognition under AWGN and Rician Fading," 52nd Asilomar Conference on Signals, Systems and Computers, 2018.
K. Cao, Y. Xu, and P.C. Cosman, "Patch-Aware Averaging Filter for Scaling in Point Cloud Compression," 2018 IEEE GlobalSIP.
K. Wu, P.C. Cosman, and L. Milstein, "Joint Partial-time Partial-band Jamming of a Multicarrier DS-CDMA System in a Fading Environment," 2018 IEEE GlobalSIP.
P. Venuprasad, T. Dobhal, A. Paul, T.N.M. Nugyen, A. Gilman, P. Cosman, and L. Chukoskie, "Characterizing Joint Attention Behavior during Real World Interactions using Automated Object and Gaze Detection," 2019 ACM Symposium on Eye Tracking Research & Applications, June 2019.
P. Zhang, L. Su, L. Li, B. Bao, P. Cosman, G. Li and Q. Huang, "Training Efficient Saliency Prediction Models with Knowledge Distillation," 2019 ACM Multimedia.
B. Zhang, P.C. Cosman, and L. Milstein, "Energy Optimization for Incremental Redundancy Hybrid-ARQ," 53rd Asilomar Conference on Signals, Systems and Computers, 2019.
L. Li, Q. Peng, P.C. Cosman, and L. Milstein, "Deep Modulation Recognition in an Unknown Environment," 53rd Asilomar Conference on Signals, Systems and Computers, 2019.
Z. Ye, A. Gilman, Q. Peng, K. Levick, P.C. Cosman, and L. Milstein, "Comparison of Neural Network Architectures for Spectrum Sensing," IEEE GLOBECOM 2019 Workshop on Advancements in Spectrum Sharing.
L. Su, P.C. Cosman, Q. Peng, "No-Reference Video Quality Assessment Based on Ensemble of Knowledge and Data-Driven Models," International Conference on Multimedia Modeling, 231–242, MMM 2019.


== References ==Harriet Coverston is an American computer scientist and software developer focused on large-scale secondary storage environments, who has previously participated to various kernel developments in HPC systems. Harriet is an expert in large scale archiving systems, having participated to several large projects and product developments.


== Career ==
She started her career at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in 1967 working on CDC 7600 Livermore Timesharing System   within a team of 5 people. She stayed until 1974 and then moved to Control Data Corporation for 12 years to collaborate on the Cyber 205 Operating System and CDCNET.
In January 1986, she co-founded LSC (Large Scale Configurations) where she was vice-president of technology more than 15 years. LSC was a ISV developing SAM-QFS and QFS, two software dedicated to manage cold and archived data. QFS is a high performance file system and SAM is advanced storage management.
In 2001, Sun Microsystems acquired LSC and Harriet Coverston became distinguished engineer at Sun, a position she occupied until 2010. Oracle  closed the acquisition of Sun early 2010.She co-founded Versity  in March 2011 with Bruce Gilpin and acts as its CTO since its inception. Versity is a storage ISV developer of archiving software.  


== Education ==
Harriet Coverston received a BA in Mathematics from Florida State University.


== Patents ==
Harriet participates and co-owns 15 patents:
File archiving system and method 
Delegation in a file system with distributed components 
File system with distributed components 
Method and system for collective file access using an mmap (memory-mapped file)  
Dynamic routing of I/O requests in a multi-tier storage environment 
Dynamic data migration in a multi-tier storage system 
File archiving system and method 
Delegation in a file system with distributed components 
File system with distributed components 
Method, system, and program for providing data to an application program from a file in a file system 
Method, system, and program for managing files in a file system 
Archiving file system for data servers in a distributed network environment 
Method and apparatus for insuring recovery of file control information for secondary storage systems 
Method and apparatus for file storage allocation for secondary storage using large and small file blocks 


== References ==Lenore Jennifer Cowen is an American mathematician and computer scientist known for her work in graph coloring, network routing, and computational biology. She is a professor of computer science and (by courtesy) of mathematics at Tufts University.


== Early life and education ==
Cowen is the daughter of Robert Cowen, a professor of mathematics at Queens College, City University of New York, and Ilsa Cowen, a high school English teacher. She has been a classical violin player since the age of five,
and as a student at Benjamin N. Cardozo High School in Bayside, Queens, she edited the school poetry magazine. However, despite these other interests, she decided to aim for a mathematical career after attending a summer mathematics program for high school students, the Hampshire College Summer Studies in Mathematics.She started her studies at Yale University at age 16, and graduated in 1987 with a bachelor's degree in mathematics, also winning the university's deForest Prize as the top graduate in mathematics that year. She went to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology for graduate study in applied mathematics, completing her Ph.D. in 1993 with a dissertation On Local Representations of Graphs and Networks supervised by Daniel Kleitman.


== Career ==
After postdoctoral research at Rutgers University and the Institute for Mathematics and Its Applications at the University of Minnesota, Cowen joined the Johns Hopkins University faculty in 1994 as an assistant professor of mathematical sciences. She moved to the computer science department of Tufts University in 2000, added a joint appointment in mathematics in 2004, and was promoted to full professor at Tufts in 2009.In 2020 she became the principal investigator for the newly formed Tufts Center for Transdisciplinary Research in Principles Of Data Science (T-TRIPODS).


== Recognition ==
In 2020, the Education Committee of the Computing Research Association gave Cowen their CRA-E Undergraduate Research Faculty Mentoring Award, for her work with undergraduates at Tufts on interdisciplinary methods in computational biology and data science.


== References ==


== External links ==
Home page
Lenore Cowen publications indexed by Google ScholarRoger Alan Craig (born c. 1977) is an American game show contestant and computer scientist. He held the record for highest single-day winnings on the quiz show Jeopardy! from September 14, 2010 (surpassing Ken Jennings) to April 9, 2019 (when James Holzhauer surpassed him). In 2011, Craig returned to win the Jeopardy! Tournament of Champions. In 2014, he competed in the Battle of the Decades tournament, finishing third overall behind Brad Rutter and Ken Jennings.


== Early life and career ==
Craig, who was 33 years old at the time of his initial Jeopardy! appearance in 2010, is a native of Ferndale, Pennsylvania. He grew up there and later in Virginia, where he graduated from Annandale High School in 1995.He holds a first degree in biology and biochemistry from Virginia Tech, and a master's degree and Ph.D. in computer science from the University of Delaware. He was working on his doctorate at the time of his first appearance on Jeopardy!, and completed the degree later in 2010.In his scholarly career, he has published eight papers in the field of bioinformatics, specifically on topics of combinatorial protein synthesis and protein-protein prediction.As of November 2011 he was living in Newark, Delaware, and working as a computer scientist. He is the founder of Cotinga, a company which performs data analyses and creates learning applications for smartphones. Craig was a guest on KFC Radio of Barstool Sports on August 23, 2012.


== Jeopardy! ==


=== Preparation ===
Craig prepared for Jeopardy! by studying the online archive of past questions maintained on the J! Archive website. Using data-mining and text-clustering, he identified the topics most likely to occur in game questions, then used the spaced repetition program Anki for memorization and tested himself using his own program.Craig played quiz bowl as a student at both Virginia Tech and the University of Delaware. Before his Jeopardy appearances, he played numerous Jeopardy scrimmage matches against his friends with quiz bowl experience.
Craig believes his attendance at the two universities helped the most in his success:Let's face it, for Jeopardy!, the name of the game is breadth not depth. I think the main reason both universities helped so much is that they cover just about all spheres of learning in extraordinary depth.


=== Appearances ===


==== Original run ====
Craig set his record of $77,000 on the second day of the 2010–2011 Jeopardy! season on the episode airing September 14, 2010. In his record-setting appearance, he had a score of $47,000 after the game's first two rounds, then wagered and won $30,000 in the Final Jeopardy! round. Prior to Craig, the single-day record of $75,000 was held by Ken Jennings. Craig lost to North Carolina sportswriter Jelisa Castrodale in his seventh appearance. He had the lead going into the Final Jeopardy! round, in the category "Sports and Media". Castrodale won when she gave the correct response to the Final Jeopardy question about the winner of the 2010 Super Bowl, while Craig gave an incorrect response, finishing third behind Castrodale and police officer Matt Martin.In his seven-day run, Craig earned $231,200, all except $1,000 of which was from winning episodes. This total was the sixth-highest amount of money won non-tournament on the show, ranking Craig behind Ken Jennings, Julia Collins, David Madden, Arthur Chu, and Austin Rogers.On April 9, 2019, professional gambler James Holzhauer broke Craig's single-day record, surpassing it fifteen more times during his own run; the record now stands at $131,127 as of April 17, 2019. Holzhauer, like Craig, relied on aggressive Daily Double and Final Jeopardy! wagers to amass his totals. Holzhauer also surpassed Craig's records for most earnings won in a player's first five games and largest successful bet on a Daily Double.


==== Tournament play ====
In 2011, Craig returned for the Tournament of Champions, which aired in November. In the quarter-final match, he had $200 shy of $40,000 going into Final Jeopardy! and won despite losing $20,200 after getting it wrong. In the semi-final match, described as "a bloody, epic, inter-planetary death match... the Jeopardy! equivalent of a title-unification fight", Craig beat Joon Pahk and Mark Runsvold, the sixth and tenth regular-play all-time money winners on the show. On the first night of the two-day finals, he became the first player in the history of the show to uncover two Daily Double items in succession, wager all of his money on both, and win both times.When Craig hit the first of his back-to-back Daily Doubles, he wagered his entire pot of $9,000, and won when he correctly identified Anne Brontë as the author who wrote the 1847 book Agnes Grey under the pseudonym 'Acton Bell'. After switching categories and uncovering the second daily double, he wagered his entire pot of $18,000, winning when he correctly answered, "What is Suriname?" after being given the clue "Although Dutch is the official language, Sranan Tongo is spoken by most people in this South American country." His $18,000 win was, at the time, the largest successful Daily Double wager in the show's history.Craig won the Tournament of Champions. In the finals, he defeated Buddy Wright and Tom Nissley (the latter being the show's fourth highest all-time non-tournament money winner), to win the $250,000 tournament prize.Craig returned for the Jeopardy! Battle of the Decades tournament on April 1, 2014, as part of the 2000s Week. Facing Vijay Balse (2010 Tournament of Champions winner) and Stephanie Jass, he defeated Balse by $1 and advanced to the quarterfinals. He won in the quarterfinals on May 5, facing off against Robin Carroll (2000 Tournament of Champions winner) and Leszek Pawlowicz (1992 Tournament of Champions winner).
He defeated Pam Mueller (Fall 2000 College Championship winner) and Colby Burnett (Fall 2012 Teachers Tournament and 2013 Tournament of Champions winner) in the semifinals and advanced to the finals where he placed third. Craig was hurt in the finals by two "True Daily Double" wagers, one on each day of the two-day final, in which he risked $10,200 and responded incorrectly both times.
He later appeared in the 2019 All-Star Games with team captain Austin Rogers and 2013 Teen Tournament winner Leonard Cooper. His team went home with $75,000 after losing the wild card match.


==== Records ====
During his Jeopardy! appearances, Craig set the following records:


== References ==Richard E. Crandall (December 29, 1947 – December 20, 2012) was an American physicist and computer scientist who made contributions to computational number theory.


== Background ==
Richard Crandall was born in Ann Arbor, Michigan, and spent two years at Caltech before transferring to Reed College in Portland, Oregon, where he graduated in physics and wrote his undergraduate thesis on randomness.


== Career and accomplishments ==
Crandall earned a Ph.D in theoretical physics from MIT. In 1978, he became a physics professor at Reed College, where he taught courses in experimental physics and computational physics for many years, ultimately becoming Vollum Professor of Science and director of the Center for Advanced Computation. He was also, at various times, Chief Scientist at NeXT, Inc., Chief Cryptographer and Distinguished Scientist at Apple, and head of Apple's Advanced Computation Group.
He was a pioneer in experimental mathematics. He developed the irrational base discrete weighted transform, a method of finding very large primes. He wrote several books and many scholarly papers on scientific programming and computation.
Crandall was awarded numerous patents for his work in the field of cryptography and wrote a poker program that could bluff. He also owned and operated PSI Press, an online publishing company.


== Personal life ==
Crandall was part Cherokee and proud of his Native heritage. He fronted a band called the Chameleons in 1981. He was working on an intellectual biography of Steve Jobs when he collapsed at his home in Portland, Oregon, from acute leukemia. He died 10 days later, on December 20, 2012, at the age of 64.


== Books ==
Pascal Applications for the Sciences. John Wiley & Sons, New York 1983.
with M. M. Colgrove: Scientific Programming with Macintosh Pascal. John Wiley & Sons, New York 1986.
Mathematica for the Sciences, Addison-Wesley, Reading, Mass, 1991.
Projects in Scientific Computation. Springer 1994.
Topics in Advanced Scientific Computation. Springer 1996.
with M. Levich: A Network Orange. Springer 1997.
with C. Pomerance: Prime numbers: A Computational Perspective. Springer 2001.


== References ==


== External links ==
Professor Richard E. Crandall; many of Crandall's papers can be found here
Nicholas Wheeler, Remembering Prof. Crandall
Stephen Wolfram, Remembering Richard Crandall (1947-2012)
David Bailey and Jonathan Borwein, Mathematician/physicist/inventor Richard Crandall dies at 64
David Broadhurst, A prime puzzle in honor of Richard CrandallPerry Orson Crawford, Jr. (August 9, 1917 – December 13, 2006) was an American computer pioneer credited as being the first to fully realize and promote the value of digital, as opposed to analog, computers for real-time applications. This was in 1945 while advising Jay Forrester in developing flight simulators and anti-aircraft fire control devices during  World War II, before practical digital computers had been produced. His similar foresight on related issues led to his heading twelve  years later the design team for IBM's SABRE project, the ticketing system for American Airlines, the first large-scale commercial application of real-time computer systems,  which became the model for on-line transaction processing.


== Early life and education ==
Crawford was born in Medford, Oregon, where his father, Perry Crawford Sr.,  an engineering graduate of Stanford University,  oversaw construction on the Klamath River Hydroelectric Project. His mother, Irma Zschokke Crawford, also a Stanford graduate, was an artist and a descendant of the Swiss writer and revolutionary figure, Heinrich Zschokke. When his father became president of American Utilities Service Corporation in Chicago, Crawford attended  New Trier Township High School in Winnetka, Illinois.He entered the Massachusetts Institute of Technology  in 1936 to study electrical engineering and came to work under Vannevar Bush with fellow student Claude Shannon on the differential analyzer. The  theses for his two degrees are considered to be among the earliest modern computer design documents.

His B.Sc thesis, "Instrumental Analysis in Matrix Algebra" was completed in 1939. In summary:Sketches the design of "an automatically controlled calculating machine" capable of performing a variety of matrix calculations, and incorporating means for scanning digital data represented on punched tape, for adding, subtracting, multiplying, and dividing two numbers, and for storing and printing or punching the data. A punched tape was to be used for sequence control, which would specify the selection of the numbers to be operated on, the operation to be performed, and the disposal of the result.When Shannon completed his doctorate, Crawford succeeded him in the Center for Analysis  as a postgraduate student.  His M.Sc. thesis, "Automatic Control by Arithmetic Operations," (1942), continued the theme:It is the purpose of this thesis to describe the elements and operation of a calculating system for performing one of the operations in the control of anti-aircraft gunfire, which is, namely, the prediction of the future position of the target.
It is to be emphasized at the outset that little progress has been made toward the construction of automatic electronic calculating systems for any purpose. ... It can be proposed only that this thesis shows a possible approach to the design of a number of calculating system elements and to the structure of an arithmetical predictor. ... In this introduction, equipment for performing the operations occurring in automatic calculating is described. This equipment includes electronic switching elements, devices for multiplying two numbers, finding a function of a variable, recording numbers, translating mechanical displacements into numerical data, and for translating numerical data into mechanical displacements.  
The thesis included a description of a matrix "selector switch," for implementing an arbitrary function or control sequence. Independently invented by Jan A. Rajchman, this device was incorporated, with acknowledgments, in the ENIAC. in a 1975 interview, J. Presper Eckert, a designer of the ENIAC, described another contribution:I had gotten the idea of using disks for memory, digital memory, from a master's thesis written by Perry Crawford at MIT. He had not built any such disks; it was just speculation. 


== Career ==


=== Office of Naval Research ===
From 1942 to 1945 Crawford served as a civilian attached to the Navy's Special Devices Section (a predecessor of the Naval Air Warfare Center Training Systems Division)  at Sands Point, Long Island. In 1946 this became the Special Devices Center under the newly created Office of Naval Research (ONR). Crawford supervised the Navy Ballistics Computation Program until September 1948 when he accepted a temporary position  with the Research and Development Board of the Department of Defense. As head of the computer section in ONR he came into contact with Jay Forrester at MIT who, with his collaborator Robert Everett (computer scientist), headed a project that had roots in developing flight simulators for pilot training  and evolved into the Whirlwind Project which in turn prepared the way for the air-defense application SAGE (Semi-Automatic Ground Environment).
From Forrester's point of view, Crawford was a significant contributor and supporter whom he described as  "uninhibited, not restrained by protocol or chain of command, and a freewheeling intervener in many circles of activity":Perry Crawford was an electrical engineering graduate of MIT and a person with continually unfolding visions of futures that others had not yet glimpsed. He was the first person in about 1946 to call my attention to the possibility of digital rather than analog computers. He was always looking, listening, and projecting new ideas into the future. ...
In the fall of 1947, following conversations with Perry Crawford, we wrote two documents, numbered L-1 and L-2, that showed how digital computers could manage a Naval task force and interpret radar data.

In July 1948, at a conference at the University of California in Los Angeles, Crawford proposed using computers for the control of aircraft. On March 18, 1949, at a panel meeting of the Research and Development Board, he pushed the idea of digital computers in an air defense system.Crawford also contributed to the Moore School Lectures with a talk  entitled "Applications of Digital Computation Involving Continuous Input and Output Variables" (August 5, 1946). It discussed such topics as missile and combat simulations and was originally classified as confidential and not published until (Campbell-Kelly 1985, pp. 375–391). He stressed his conviction that these applications could best be performed with the aid of  digital computers, a thesis many did not agree with at the time.  He gave a talk at a session on electronic computers at the 1947 conference of the Institute of Radio Engineers on "Applications of Electronic Digital Computers" which was summarized in the program:A discussion of computer applications, including scientific calculations, wave propagation, and aerodynamics. Comments will be made on the future relation of analogue and digital computers, and also on the possible engineering application of electronic digital computers to automatic process and factory control, air traffic control, and business calculations.


=== International Business Machines ===
Crawford left his civilian service in the Navy in 1952 to join IBM. The company had been working with the military on SAGE and anticipated further developments in real-time applications. in 1954 Thomas J. Watson, Jr., son of IBM's founder, oversaw Crawford's placement, along with Hans Peter Luhn, to head the design team for creating a digital computer system for managing American Airline's reservations and ticketing. Named SABRE (Semi-Automatic Research Environment),  it soon grew  to managing the total operation: flight planning, crew schedules, special meals, etc.
The project was at the time easily the largest civilian computerization task ever undertaken, involving some 200 technical personnel producing a million lines of program code. ...

By the early 1970s all the major carriers possessed reliable real-time systems and communications networks that had become an essential component of their operations, second in importance only to the airplanes themselves.
Crawford continued in IBM until his retirement in 1988 working towards what he saw as a necessary "computer transition" as outlined in his 1979 publication below, but otherwise rarely publicized outside of IBM.  In a 1980 interview R. Blair Smith, the IBM marketing manager whose contact with American Airlines initiated SABRE, described Crawford's Imaging project:It's a shame we didn't bring it out, but there was a great need for Perry Crawford's concept of imaging. ...
Perry's idea was to eliminate typical application programming altogether by having a master program; then have all of the data concerned with, say, running a given business available and identified in the computer. Then if somebody wanted a report of any kind, all he had to do was to tell the computer what was wanted, identify the data from which it would be drawn, and out would come the result. Now, that's an over-simplification. Obviously it would be terribly complex to do. It was a most difficult job, and it never got off the ground.  ... I told him he'd have a tough time, because with the status of programming the way it is today, after all of these years of programming, and the programming languages we have developed, introducing the Imaging concept would be about as difficult as converting the typical American to the metric system today.


== Personal life ==
Crawford married Marguerite (Peggy) Murtagh (1924-1979). They had five children.


== Published works ==
1968. “Why CAI [computer aided instruction] Is Really a Late, Late Show: The Coming of Age of the Computer.” pp. 20–25 in  Goodman, Walter, and Gould, Thomas F. (eds.), New York State Conference on Instructional Uses of the Computer. Final Report. Proceedings of Conference, Tuxedo Park, N. Y.,October 3-5, 1968. “The computer and the unified media made possible by the computer become a new foundation of intellectual functioning of all forms including the forms that we call education and including the education of the young.”
1969. "The New Views." Systematics: The Journal of The Institute for the Comparative Study of History, Philosophy and the Sciences 6.2,  114–16.
1973. "Design Guide for Redesign." Impact on Instructional Improvement (Sponsored by the New York State  Association for Supervision and Curriculum Development.) 8.3,  19–28. The article presents an approach to the design of educational systems. The author is described as  the president of his local Croton-Harmon Schools Board of Education.
1974. "On the Connections Between Data and Things in the Real World." pp. 51–57 in Management of Data Elements in Information processing: Proceedings of a Symposium Sponsored by the American Standards Institute and by the National Bureau of Standards. First National Symposium, National Bureau of Standards, Gaithersburg, Maryland January 24–25, 1974.  Washington DC: U.S. Department of Commerce.
1979. "Alfred Korzybski and the Computer Transition." General Semantics Bulletin 47, 120–125.


== Bibliography ==
Green, Tom. Bright Boys: The Making of Information Technology. CRC Press, 2010.
Redmond, Kent C., and Thomas M. Smith. Project Whirlwind : The History of a Pioneer Computer. Bedford, MA: Digital Press, 1980.
Redmond, Kent C., and Thomas M. Smith. From Whirlwind to MITRE: The R&D Story of The SAGE Air Defense Computer. Cambridge, MA: The MIT Press, 2000.


== Notes ==


== References ==
Campbell-Kelly, Martin; Aspray, William (1996). Computer: A History of the Information Machine. New York, NY: Harper/Collins. ISBN 0-465-02989-2.
Campbell-Kelly, Martin; Williams, Michael R., eds. (1985). The Moore School Lectures: Theory and Techniques for Design of Electronic Digital Computers. Cambridge, Massachusetts; London, England; Los Angeles, California; San Francisco, California: The MIT Press and Tomash Publishers. ISBN 0-262-03109-4.
Ceruzzi, Paul (2003). A History of Modern Computing (2nd ed.). The MIT Press. ISBN 0-262-53203-4.
Crawford, Perry O. (1942). Automatic control by arithmetical operations (Thesis). Thesis (M.S.)--Massachusetts Institute of Technology. hdl:1721.1/11232.
The Echoes, Presented by the Senior Class of New Trier High School. Winnetka, Illinois. 1934.
Downs, Winfield Scott, ed. (1938). Encyclopedia of American biography. New series. Vol. 9. New York: American Historical Society. hdl:2027/mdp.39015059775539. Retrieved June 24, 2020.
Eckert, J. Presper (1975). Interview by Christopher Evans, Oral History of Computing, Science Museum, London, and National Physical Laboratory, Teddington, No. 3, Audiotape, 1975.
"Extensive Plans Set for 1947 IRE National Convention March 3, 4, 5, and 6 in New York". Proceedings of the I.R.E. 35 (2): 172–189. 1947. doi:10.1109/JRPROC.1947.231597.
Forrester, Jay W. (2001). "Lincoln Laboratory, MIT: Historical Comments." Heritage Lecture Series lecture given on the 50th Anniversary of Lincoln Laboratory, Lexington, MA, 26 November 2001.
Mindell, David A. (2002). Between Human and Machine: Feedback, Control, and Computing Before Cybernetics. Baltimore and London: Johns Hopkins University Press.
Oral history interview with R. Blair Smith.  Charles Babbage Institute, University of Minnesota, Minneapolis.
"Perry O. Crawford, Jr. Obituary". Legacy.com. Retrieved June 24, 2020.
Randell, B (1980). "The origins of digital computers: supplementary bibliography".  In Metropolis (ed.). History of Computing in the 20th Century. Nicholas: Academic Press. ISBN 9781483296685.
Redmond, Kent C.; Smith, Thomas M. (1980). Project Whirlwind: The History of a Pioneer Computer. Bedford, MA: Digital Press. p. 96. ISBN 0-932376-09-6.
Reilly, Edwin D., ed. (2004). Concise Encyclopedia of Computer Science. Hoboken, NJ: Wiley. ISBN 978-0-470-09095-4.
"Stanford Grads Will Meet Abroad to Wed". The San Francisco Examiner. San Francisco. September 4, 1913. Retrieved October 25, 2021 – via Newspapers.com.
Tropp, Henry S. (1983). "A perspective on SAGE: Discussion". Annals of the History of Computing. 5 (4): 375–398. doi:10.1109/MAHC.1983.10091. S2CID 7490741.
Williams, Bernard O. (1984). Computing with Electricity, 1935-1945 (Ph.D. thesis). University of Kansas.
Yost, Jeffrey R. (2017). Making IT Work: A History of the Computer Services Industry. Cambridge, MA: MIT Press. ISBN 9780262036726.


== External links ==
Computer Oral History Collection, Archives Center, National Museum of American History, Smithsonian Institution Houses tapes and transcript of 1970 interview with Perry O. Crawford, Jr.
Perry O. Crawford papers, MC-0509. Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Department of Distinctive Collections, Cambridge, Massachusetts. Accessed July 2, 2020.
Archives:The Computer Pioneers: The Whirlwind Computer. The Engineering and Technology History Wiki. Accessed July 5, 2020. Video of a discussion in 1983, moderated by Perry Crawford, among the members and supporters of the Whirlwind team: Jay Forrester, James Killian, Norman H. Taylor, Charles Adams, Dean Arden, J.T. Gilmore, Hal Laning, Robert Everett, and Robert Taylor.
Archives:The Computer Pioneers: Electronic Developments During World War II. The Engineering and Technology History Wiki. Accessed July 5, 2020. Video of a discussion in 1983, moderated by Perry Crawford, among other pioneers: Kenneth Bowles, Julius Stratton, Albert Hill, and Gordon Brown.
Perry O. Crawford, Computer Pioneers by J. A. N. Lee. IEEE Computer Society. Accessed July 30, 2020.Robert Jay Creasy (November 15, 1939 – August 11, 2005) was the project leader of the first full virtualization hypervisor, the IBM CP-40, which later developed into IBM's highly successful line of mainframe VM operating systems.


== Biography ==
Robert J. Creasy was born on November 15, 1939, in Honesdale, Pennsylvania.  He graduated from MIT in 1961, marrying Rosalind Reeves that year.  After graduation, he worked as a programmer on the CTSS timesharing system and on Project MAC. Disappointed with the direction of MAC, when he heard that Norm Rasmussen, Manager of IBM's Cambridge Scientific Center, intended to build a time sharing system based on IBM's System/360 and needed someone to lead the project, Creasy left MIT to join IBM.
Robert and Rosalind moved to California in 1965.
He retired from IBM's Scientific Center in Palo Alto in 1993.
He died on August 11, 2005, in Pioneer, California, survived by his wife, Rosalind, son Robert W. and wife Julie; daughter, Laura and husband Joel; grandson, Joel Alexander; brother, John and wife Kathy, and other relatives.


== Origins of VM ==
In the fall of 1964, the future development of time sharing was problematical.  IBM had lost the Project MAC contract to GE, leading to the development of Multics.  IBM itself had committed to a time sharing system known as TSS. At the IBM Cambridge Scientific Center, Manager Norm Rasmussen was concerned that IBM was heading in the wrong direction.  He decided to proceed with his own plan to build a timesharing system, with Bob Creasy leading what became known as the CP-40 Project.
Creasy had decided to build CP-40 while riding on the MTA. “I launched the effort between Xmas 1964 and year’s end, after making the decision while on an MTA bus from Arlington to Cambridge. It was a Tuesday, I believe.” (R.J. Creasy, private communication with Melinda Varian, 1989.)
Creasy and Les Comeau spent the last week of 1964 joyfully brainstorming the design of CP-40, a new kind of operating system, a system that would provide not only virtual memory, but also virtual machines. They had seen that the cleanest way to protect users from one another (and to preserve compatibility as the new System/360 design evolved) was to use the System/360 Principles of Operations manual to describe the user's interface to the Control Program. Each user would have a complete System/360 virtual machine (which at first was called a “pseudo-machine”).
The idea of a virtual machine system had been bruited about a bit before then, but it had never really been implemented. The idea of a virtual S/360 was new, but what was really important about their concept was that nobody until then had seen how elegantly a virtual machine system could be built, with really very minor hardware changes and not much software.
Back during that last week of 1964, when they were working out the design for the
Control Program, Creasy and Comeau immediately recognized that they would need a second system, a console monitor system, to run in some of their virtual machines. Although they knew that with a bit of work they would be able to run any of IBM's S/360 operating systems in a virtual machine, as contented users of CTSS they also knew that they wouldn't be satisfied using any of the available systems for their own development work or for the Center's other time-sharing requirements. Rasmussen, therefore, set up another small group under Creasy to
build CMS (which was then called the “Cambridge Monitor System”).
Like Multics, CMS would draw heavily on the lessons taught by CTSS. Indeed, the CMS user interface would be very much like that of CTSS.
The combination of CP-40 and CMS evolved into CP/CMS which was made available to IBM customers in 1967.  In 1972, a revised version was released as IBM's VM/370 product.


== Notes ==


== References ==
Creasy, R.J. (September 1981). "The origin of the VM/370 time-sharing system" (PDF). IBM Journal of Research & Development. IBM. 25 (5): 483–490. doi:10.1147/rd.255.0483. Retrieved November 19, 2011.
Varian, Melinda (1997). "VM and the VM community, past present, and future" (PDF). SHARE 89 Sessions 9059-9061. Retrieved September 20, 2011.Marian Rogers Croak is a Vice President of Engineering at Google. She has previously served as Senior Vice President of Research and Development at AT&T, where she and her team worked on advancing voice over IP technologies, furthering the capabilities of audio and video conferencing.


== Education and early career ==
Croak grew up in New York City. She attended Princeton University and completed her doctoral studies at the University of Southern California in 1982, specialising in social psychology and quantitative analysis.


== Career ==
She joined AT&T at Bell Labs in 1982. She advocated for switching from wired phone technology to internet protocol. She holds more than two hundred patents with Hossein Eslambolchi, including more than one hundred in relation to voice over IP. She pioneered the use of phone network services to make it easy for the public to donate to crisis appeals. When AT&T partnered with American Idol to use a text message voting system, 22% of viewers learned to text to take part in the show. She filed the patent for text-based donations to charity in 2005. This capability revolutionised how people can donate money to charitable organisations: for example, after the 2010 Haiti earthquake at least $22 million was pledged in this fashion. She led the Domain 2.0 Architecture and managed more than 2,000 engineers.In 2012, Croak wrote a letter to young women in technology in the Huffington Post. She was inducted into the Women in Technology Hall of Fame in 2013. She was elected as Vice Chair of ATIS, a technology development organisation. She was honoured for “Outstanding Technical Contribution – Industry” at the 28th annual Black Engineer of the Year Awards (BEYA) Science Technology Engineering and Mathematics (STEM) Conference in Washington, D.C. in 2014. In the same year, she was listed in the Most Influential Women in Wireless list by FierceWireless.  She was further honoured at Culture Shifting: A Weekend of Innovation in 2014.In 2014, she left AT&T to join Google, where she serves as a Vice President for Engineering. She led Google's service expansion into emerging markets, including managing the team which developed the initial communications technology for Project Loon, which uses balloons to extend coverage. She led the deployment of WiFi across India's railway system, dealing with extreme weather and high population density. Since 2017, she has assumed responsibility for reliability engineering for many Google services. She serves on the board of directors of the Centre for Holocausts, Human Rights & Genocide Education. and is a member of the Corporate Advisory Board of the University of Southern California. She is the mother of three adult children, two sons and a daughter.
In 2021, it was announced that she would be one of the first two black women (along with Patricia Bath) to be inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame.


== References ==W. Bruce Croft is a distinguished professor of computer science at the University of Massachusetts Amherst whose work focuses on information retrieval.
He is the founder of the Center for Intelligent Information Retrieval and served as the editor-in-chief of ACM Transactions on Information Systems from 1995 to 2002.  He was also a member of the National Research Council Computer Science and Telecommunications Board from 2000 to 2003. Since 2015, he is the Dean of the College of Information and Computer Sciences at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. He was Chair of the UMass Amherst Computer Science Department from 2001 to 2007.
Bruce Croft formed the Center for Intelligent Information Retrieval (CIIR) in 1991, since when he and his students have worked with more than 90 industry and government partners on research and technology projects and have produced more than 900 papers. Bruce Croft has made major contributions to most areas of information retrieval, including pioneering work in clustering, passage retrieval, sentence retrieval, and distributed search. One of the most important areas of work for Croft  relates to ranking functions and retrieval models, where he has led the development of one of the major approaches to modeling search: language modelling. In later years, Croft also led the way in the development of feature-based ranking functions. Croft and his research group have also developed a series of search engines: InQuery, the Lemur toolkit, Indri, and Galago. These search engines are open source and offer unique capabilities that are not replicated in other research retrieval platforms source – consequently they are downloaded by hundreds of researchers world wide. As a consequence of his work, Croft is one of the most cited researchers in information retrieval.


== Education ==
Croft earned a bachelor's degree with honors in 1973 and a master's degree in computer science in 1974 from Monash University in Melbourne, Australia.  He earned his Ph.D in computer science from the University of Cambridge in 1979 and joined the University of Massachusetts, Amherst faculty later that year.


== Honors and awards ==
Croft has received several prestigious awards, including:

ACM Fellow in 1997
American Society for Information Science and Technology Research Award in 2000
Gerard Salton Award (a lifetime achievement award) from ACM SIGIR in 2003
Tony Kent Strix Award in 2013
IEEE Computer Society Technical Achievement Award in 2014
Best Student Paper Award from SIGIR in 1997 and 2005
Test of Time Award from SIGIR for his papers published in 1990, 1995, 1996, 1998, 2001
Many other publications are short-listed as the Best Paper Award in SIGIR and CIKM


== References ==


== External links ==
Faculty homepageTom Cross (born 1976), also known as Decius, is an American computer security expert and hacker.


== Early life ==
Cross was born in 1976 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, and grew up in Tennessee. His father worked in telecommunications policy and his mother was a Registered Nurse's Assistant. He attended Brentwood High School in Brentwood, Tennessee, before attending Georgia Tech in Atlanta, receiving a bachelor's degree in computer engineering.


== Security work ==
He co-founded the EFGA (Electronic Frontiers Georgia) in 1995. In 1996, he co-founded Computer Sentry Software, known for their award-winning "CyberAngel" software, a laptop anti-theft program. From 1999 to 2000, he was Chief Engineer at Dataway, a computer security firm in San Francisco. From 2000 to 2001 he worked at iAsiaWorks, as the Director of Global Security Engineering. In 2001, he founded Industrial Memetics, which developed the popular collaborative blogging community MemeStreams.Cross has been a speaker at several technology conferences, including PhreakNIC; Summercon; "The First International Hackers' Conference in Seoul Korea" (IS2K); "InternetWorld" in Singapore; and APRICOT, the Asia-Pacific Regional Internet Conference on Operational Technologies. He was also among the attendees at the first ever Def Con. He is known for extensive "rant" essays and speeches on technology and policy. He has also been a co-host on episodes of "Binary Revolution", as a cryptography expert.


== Writing ==
"An open letter to PFIR on "Whois" privacy", Politech listserv, June 24, 2004
"DNS WHOIS: Barking up the wrong tree", CircleID, June 28, 2004
"The Road Ahead for Top-Level Domains", Vint Cerf answers three of Tom's questions in an interview, CircleID, March 13, 2006
"Academic freedom and the hacker ethic", Communications of the ACM, June 2006.
"Puppy smoothies: Improving the reliability of open, collaborative wikis", First Monday, September 2006.


== References ==


== External links ==
Decius's page at MemeStreams
Binary Revolution
Industrial Memetics Institute
PhreakNIC technology conference
MemeStreams Weblog CommunityCarolina Cruz-Neira is a Spanish-Venezuelan-American computer engineer, researcher, designer, educator, and a pioneer of virtual reality (VR). She is known for inventing the CAVE automatic virtual environment. She previously worked at Iowa State University (ISU), University of Louisiana at Lafayette (UL Lafayette), University of Arkansas at Little Rock (UA Little Rock), and she is currently an Agere Chair Professor at  University of Central Florida (UCF).


== Education ==
Cruz-Neira graduated cum laude with a degree in systems engineering from the Universidad Metropolitana in Caracas, Venezuela in 1987. She earned a master's degree in electrical engineering and computer science from the University of Illinois, Chicago in 1991, and her PhD in 1995, working under computer graphics researcher Thomas DeFanti.


== Work ==


=== Cave automatic virtual environment ===

The first CAVE was invented by Carolina Cruz-Neira, Daniel J. Sandin, and Thomas A. DeFanti in 1992. For her PhD dissertation, Cruz-Neira designed and developed the CAVE Automatic Virtual Environment, its specifications, and implementation. She also designed and implemented the CAVELib software API, now a commercial product. She was the architect of the Open Source API VR Juggler, an open source virtual reality applications development framework.The CAVE is an immersive system that became the standard for rear projection-based Virtual Reality systems. The normal full system consists of projections screens along the front, side and floor axes, and a tracking system for the "user". Although they used the recursive acronym Cave Automatic Virtual Environment for the CAVE system, the name also refers to Plato's "Republic" and "The Allegory of the Cave" where he explored the concepts of reality and human perception.
There have been a couple offshoots of the CAVE technology, including ImmersaDesk, Infinity Wall and Oblong Industries' G-speak system. The ImmersaDesk is a semi-immersive system, resembling a drafting table, while the Infinity Wall is designed to cater to an entire room of people, such as a conference room. Extending this concept, G-speak supports gestural input from multiple-users and multiple-devices on and expandable array of monitors.


=== Academia ===

Cruz-Neira was the Stanley Chair professor in Interdisciplinary Engineering, and a co-founder of the Virtual Reality Applications Center (VRAC) at Iowa State University (ISU). In 2002, Dr. Cruz-Neira co-founded and co-directed the Human-Computer Interaction (HCI) graduate program at ISU.She later joined the University of Louisiana at Lafayette in 2005, and in 2006, was the first CEO and Chief Scientist of LITE (Louisiana Immersive Technologies Enterprise), a Louisiana State initiative to support economic development immersive technologies. From 2009 to 2014 she was the W. Hansen Hall and Mary Officer Hall/BORSF Endowed Super Chair in Telecommunications in Computer Engineering at the University of Louisiana at Lafayette.In 2014, she was named an Arkansas Research Scholar by the Arkansas Research Alliance and moved to Little Rock to lead the Emerging Analytics Center (EAC) at the University of Arkansas at Little Rock.In 2019, Cruz-Neira joined the University of Central Florida, as an Agere Chair Professor in the Computer Science Department.Many of her former students are now doing leading work in VR at places such as Unity Labs, Intel, Microsoft Research, Google, DreamWorks, EA, Deere & Company, Boeing, Sony Pictures Imageworks, and Argonne National Laboratory.


=== Other work ===
In 2017, Cruz-Neira was included in episode 8 "the player", in a ten part, Dutch documentary series, The Mind of the Universe (2017) by Robbert Dijkgraaf and VPRO broadcast.In January, she was invited by Dell to participate in the “VR for Good” panel at the 2018 Consumer Electronics Show to demonstrate how innovators are using virtual reality to make a positive impact on society.Since June 2019, she has served as Chief Editor of VR and Industry for Frontiers in Virtual Reality Journal.


== Awards ==
2007 – awarded the IEEE VGTC Virtual Reality Technical Achievement Award, in recognition of the development of the CAVE.
2009 – International Digital Media and Arts Association (iDMMa) awarded her the Distinguished Career Award
2014 – Arkansas Research Alliance Scholar
2016 – Polygon website's Top 25 VR Innovators award
2016 – University Herald website's named her as one of the three greatest female innovators in virtual reality
2018 – In February 2018 Dr. Cruz-Neira was elected to the National Academy of Engineering.
2018 – Association for Computer Machinery (ACM), named Computer Pioneer.


== References ==


== External links ==
Video: The Mind of The Universe (2017), episode 8 on YouTubeAng Cui (pinyin: āng Cuī) is an American cybersecurity researcher and entrepreneur. He is the founder and CEO of Red Balloon Security in New York City, a cybersecurity firm that develops new technologies to defend embedded systems against exploitation.


== Career ==
Cui was formerly a researcher with Columbia University's Intrusion Detection Systems Lab where he worked while pursuing his Ph.D. in computer science at Columbia University. His doctoral dissertation, entitled “Embedded System Security: A Software-Based Approach,” focused  on scientific inquiries concerning the exploitation and defense of embedded systems. Cui received his Ph.D. in 2015, and founded Red Balloon Security to commercialize his firmware defense technology now known as Symbiote.Cui has publicly demonstrated security vulnerabilities in widely used commercial and consumer products, including Cisco and Avaya VoIP phones, Cisco routers and HP LaserJet printers. He has presented his research at industry events including Black Hat Briefings, DEF CON conference, RSA Conference, REcon security conference and the Auto-ISAC 2018 Summit. Cui's security research has   earned the 2011 Kaspersky Labs American Cup Winner, 2012 Symantec Research Labs Graduate Fellowship and the 2015 DARPA RiserIn 2017, the United States Department of Homeland Security cited his company with the “Crossing the Valley of Death” distinction for the development of a commercially available cyber defense system for critical infrastructure facilities, which was produced following a 12-month DHS funded pilot study to evaluate cyber sabotage risks to the building systems of a DHS Biosafety Level 3 facility.


== Dukedom ==
In 2020, Cui received the noble title of duke from the Principality of Sealand. Cui's royal title grants him an official territory, or duchy, of one square foot within the micronation, which he has named SPACE. As a Duke of the Principality of Sealand, Cui joins the ranks of notable figures who have also received nobility titles from the micronation, including English cricketeer Ben Stokes and musician Ed Sheeran.


== Security Research ==


=== Symbiote ===
Cui is best known for his role in the development of Symbiote, a host-based firmware defense technology for embedded devices.Symbiote is injected into the firmware of a legacy embedded device where it provides intrusion detection functionality. It does so by constantly checking the integrity of static code and data at the firmware level, in order to prevent unauthorized code or commands from executing. Symbiote is operating system agnostic and is compatible with most embedded devices. Red Balloon Security has already released Symbiote for commercial printer brands like HP and other devices.
On June 21, 2017, Red Balloon Security announced the launch of Symbiote for Automotive Defense, an automotive version of the standard Symbiote technology, at the Escar USA Conference in Detroit.In 2016, Popular Science named Symbiote one of the “9 Most Important Security Innovations of the Year.”


=== HP LaserJet Printers ===
In 2011, Cui was part of a research effort at Columbia University, directed by Professor Salvatore Stolfo, to examine security vulnerabilities in HP LaserJet printers. The project  found  chers announced significant security flaws in these devices which could allow for a range of remote attacks, including triggering a fire hazard by forcing the printer's fuser to continually heat up.HP released a firmware update soon after these findings were released. However,   team claimed they found 201 vulnerable HP laser jet printers in the U.S. Department of Defense's network and two at HP's headquarters months after the security patch was released. In 2015, HP licensed Cui's Symbiote technology to use as a firmware defense against cyber attacks for its LaserJet Enterprise printers and multifunction printers.


=== Cisco IP Phones ===
At the 29th Chaos Communication Congress in December 2012, Cui and Solfo presented the findings of their DARPA funded research study, which exposed a vulnerability in Cisco IP phones (CiscoUnified IP Phone 7900 series) that could allow an attacker to turn them into bugging devices. The exploit gained root access to the device's firmware, which could enable the interception of phone calls. It would also allow an attacker to remotely activate the phone's microphone in order to eavesdrop on nearby conversations.


=== Funtenna ===
At the 2015 Black Hat Briefings cybersecurity conference, Cui unveiled a firmware exploit called “Funtenna” which manipulates the electronic processes within common devices like printers, phones, and washing machines in order to create radio signals which could secretly transmit data outside of a secure facility. The attack could even work with devices within an air-gapped system.News outlets such as Ars Technica and Motherboard noted Funtenna's potential for turning infected devices into covert spying tools.


=== Monitor Darkly ===
At the DEF CON 24 security conference in 2016, Cui, along with his principal scientist Jatin Kataria and security researcher Francois Charbonneau, demonstrated previously unknown vulnerabilities in the firmware of widely used computer monitors, which an attacker could exploit to both spy on the user's screen activity and to manipulate what the user sees and engages with on the screen.Called “Monitor Darkly,” the firmware vulnerability was reported to affect Dell, HP, Samsung and Acer computer monitors.The vulnerability was specific to the monitors’ on-screen-display (OSD) controllers, which are used to control and adjust viewing options on the screen, such as brightness, contrast or horizontal/vertical positioning. However, as Cui, Kataria and Charbonneau noted in their talk abstract for the 2016 REcon security conference, with the Monitor Darkly exploit, the OSD can also be used to “read the content of the screen, change arbitrary pixel values, and execute arbitrary code supplied through numerous control channels.”The security news site CSO Online said about the vulnerability, “By exploiting a hacked monitor, they could manipulate the pixels and add a secure-lock icon by a URL. They could make a $0 PayPal account balance appear to be a $1 billion balance. They could change ‘the status-alert light on a power plant's control interface from green to red.’”The exploit was later used in a Season 3 episode of the Mr. Robot show, in which the FBI uses it to take screenshots of Elliot Alderson’s computer.


=== BadFET ===
At the 2017 REcon security conference, Cui and security researcher Rick Housley demonstrated a new method for hacking processors through the use of an electromagnetic pulse, or EMP.Known as electromagnetic fault injection (EMFI), this class of attacks has been investigated before, but Cui and Housley’s new technique, known as “BadFET," is adapted to exploit modern computers and embedded devices, by impacting multiple components within these devices at the same time. By using a 300 volt EMP pulse from 3 millimeters away, the BadFET attack bypasses the Secure Boot protection that keeps processors from running untrusted code.Cui and Housley also introduced an open source EMFI platform that makes BadFET available to other security researchers, for further analysis, testing and development.


=== Thrangrycat ===
On May 13, 2019, Cui and his research team (composed of Jatin Kataria, Richard Housley and James Chambers) jointly announced with Cisco a critical vulnerability in Cisco's secure boot process identified as CVE-2019-1649, and referred to as “Thrangrycat” by Red Balloon Security.
The vulnerability affects a key hardware security component developed by Cisco known as the Trust Anchor module (TAm). The vulnerability is considered significant, as TAm underpins the secure boot process in numerous Cisco devices, including routers and switches. As WIRED Magazine explained in its reporting on the Thrangrycat vulnerability: "Known as the Trust Anchor, this Cisco security feature has been implemented in almost all of the company’s enterprise devices since 2013. The fact that the researchers have demonstrated a way to bypass it in one device indicates that it may be possible, with device-specific modifications, to defeat the Trust Anchor on hundreds of millions of Cisco units around the world. That includes everything from enterprise routers to network switches to firewalls.”Cisco describes the TAm as a “proprietary, tamper-resistant chip” that is “found in many Cisco products” and “helps verify that Cisco hardware is authentic.”The vulnerability could enable an attacker to modify the firmware of this module to gain persistent access on a network and carry out many different types of malicious activity, including data theft, importing malware and physical destruction of equipment.The New York Times called Thrangrycat “super alarming,” with WIRED Magazine warning it has “massive global implications.”Thrangrycat is believed to be the first security vulnerability to be named with emoji symbols.


== References ==David Ethan Culler (born November 12, 1959) is a computer scientist and former Chair of the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences at the University of California, Berkeley. He is a Principal Investigator in the Software Defined Buildings (SDB) project at the EECS Department at Berkeley and the Faculty Director of the i4Energy Center. His research addresses networks of small, embedded wireless devices, planetary-scale internet services, parallel computer architecture, parallel programming languages, and high performance communication. This includes TinyOS, Berkeley Motes, PlanetLab, Networks of Workstations (NOW), Internet services, Active Message, Split-C, and the Threaded Abstract Machine (TAM).Culler earned his B.A. at UC Berkeley and his Ph.D. at MIT.Culler was elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering in 2005 for contributions to scalable parallel processing systems, including architectures, operating systems, and programming environments. He is also a Fellow of both ACM and IEEE. In 2003 his work on networks of wireless sensors earned him a place on Scientific American's annual list of top 50 innovators and Technology Review's “10 Emerging Technologies That Will Change the World.” More recently, he has received the 2013 SIGCOMM Test of Time Award for PlanetLab, and the 2013 Okawa Prize.Culler founded Arch Rock, a company that makes wireless networked sensors. He recently joined Google as a Distinguished Engineer.
David Culler is the son of noted computer scientist Glen Culler, and the brother of distinguished pure mathematician Marc Culler.


== References ==


== External links ==
Culler's webpageLeah Culver (born 1982 or 1983) is a computer programmer, startup founder, and angel investor.


== Education ==
Culver started as an art major at the University of Minnesota, but switched majors and earned a Bachelor of Science in computer science in 2006.


== Career ==
After graduating, she worked at the startups iLoop Mobile and Instructables. While working at Instructables, she received attention for etching company logos onto her laptop, which was funded by that ad space.In June 2007, she co-founded Pownce, with Digg's cofounder Kevin Rose and Digg’s creative director, Daniel Burka. Pownce was a micro-blogging site she programmed by herself as an experiment, described as "Twitter meets Napster". The company was funded with investments from Culver's friends and family, rather than venture capitalists. Pownce was acquired by Six Apart in December 2008. The website was shut down after the acquisition, but Culver implemented the technology she built for Pownce in TypePad and TypePad Motion. She left the company in February 2010.After leaving Six Apart, Culver, along with Eric Florenzano and Eric Maguire, co-founded Convore, backed by Y Combinator. Convore focused primarily on an application for real time chat, technology that was inspired by FriendFeed groups and 37 Signals’ Campfire . Convore pivoted into Grove, a chat service for workgroups, which Culver says was sold to Revolution Systems in October 2012.Culver went on to work as an engineer at Dropbox, where she and her team created a copy of a fictional Image compression algorithm called Pied Piper from the television series Silicon Valley.Leah Culver was CTO of Breaker, a content-discovery platform for podcasts, which she co-founded with Erik Berlin in 2016. In January 2021, Culver and the Breaker team joined Twitter to help build Twitter Spaces. The Breaker application was scheduled for shut down on January 15, 2021, but instead was taken over by Maple Media.Culver was on the cover of MIT Technology Review in July 2008, was named among the Most Influential Women in Web 2.0 by Fast Company magazine in November 2008, was featured in the documentary The Startup Kids in 2012, and was among Girl Geek X's 30 Female CTOs to Watch list in 2019.Culver has invested in technology such as Maker, a woman-led and minority-owned canned wine company,  and Gowalla, a former Foursquare competitor turned augmented reality social application.Culver is an author of the open-standard authentication OAuth 1.0 and OEmbed.


== Personal life ==
Culver is from Minnesota. She resides in San Francisco, California with her Instagram-famous pug Mr. Wiggles.In January 2020, Culver purchased 714 Steiner Street, the pink Painted Lady, for $3.55 Million, well over its asking price. Culver purchased the home with the intention of renovating the property to its 130-year-old glory, while making the home more climate-friendly with the direction of architect David Armour. Culver created Instagram and Twitter profiles to share the progress on the historic building.


== References ==


== External links ==
Leah Culver's Personal Website and BlogRobert K. Cunningham is an American computer scientist and engineer. In 2021 he became Vice Chancellor for Research Infrastructure at the University of Pittsburgh. He is a fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers.


== Education ==
He earned an Sc.B. in Electrical Engineering from Brown University, which he attended from 1981-1985. He studied visual processes as well as artificial intelligence in the former Department of Cognitive and Neural Systems of Boston University, where he earned his Ph.D.


== Career ==
He worked for twenty-five years at the MIT Lincoln Laboratory, principally on computer security. From 2018 to 2021 he worked on quantum computing at the Software Engineering Institute of Carnegie Mellon University. He was director of the Laboratory of Physical Science at the University of Maryland (2019–2020).In 2021, he became Vice Chancellor for Research Infrastructure at the University of Pittsburgh, while maintaining connections to Carnegie Mellon University.He was made a fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers in 2007. He has served as chair of the IEEE Cybersecurity Initiative.According to Scopus he has an h-index of 13.


== Personal life ==
He is married to Barbara Shinn-Cunningham.


== References ==Robert Stephen (Steve) Cunningham  (born 1942 – March 27, 2015) was an American Computer Scientist and Professor Emeritus of Computer Science at California State University Stanislaus.


== Biography ==
Steve Cunningham received his BA cum laude in Mathematics from Drury University in 1964. He continued his studies at the University of Oregon where he earned his M.A. in Mathematics in 1966 and his Ph.D. in Mathematics three years later. In 1982, he received an M.S. in Computer Science at Oregon State University.Cunningham started working at the University of Kansas as Assistant Professor of Mathematics from 1969 to 1974. From 1974 he worked at the Birmingham-Southern College as Assistant Professor of Mathematics for a year, Associate Professor of Mathematics for four years and as Associate Professor of Computer Science from 1979 to 1982. Since 1982 he has worked at the California State University Stanislaus, since 1986 as Professor of Computer Science until 2001, Gemperle Distinguished Professor for three years and Stanislaus Professor Emeritus since 2005. From 1999 to 2000 Cunningham was also Visiting Scientist at the San Diego Supercomputer Center. He was National Science Foundation Program Director, EHR/DUE from 2003 to 2005. Research Professor of Computer Science at the Oregon State University 2004-05 and Noyce Visiting Professor of Computer Science at Grinnell College in 2006.He received several awards and honors. A Fellow of the European Association for Computer Graphics in 1998, the Outstanding Professor for Research, Scholarship, and Creative Activity, CSU Stanislaus in 2001, the Gemperle Distinguished Professor, CSU Stanislaus in 2001, the ACM SIGGRAPH Outstanding Contribution Award in 2004 and the Noyce Visiting Professor of Computer Science, Grinnell College in 2006.


== Work ==
Cunningham's research interests were in Computer graphics, especially computer graphics education, Computer Science Education, and computer visualization in learning mathematics.


== See also ==
Educational visualization


== Publications ==
1989. Programming the User Interface: Principles and Examples. With Judith R. Brown. Wiley.
1991. Visualization in Teaching and Learning Mathematics. Edited with Walter Zimmermann. MAA Notes Number 19, Mathematical Association of America.
1992. Computer Graphics Using Object-Oriented Programming. Edited with N. Craighill, M. Fong and J. Brown. Wiley,
1992. Interactive Learning Through Visualization - The Impact of Computer Graphics in Education. Edited with Roger Hubbold. Springer-Verlag.
1996. Electronic Publishing on CD-ROM. With Judson Rosebush. O'Reilly and Associates.
2007. Computer Graphics: Programming in OpenGL for Visual Communication. Prentice-Hall.
2009. Graphics Shaders: Theory and Practice. With Mike Bailey. AK Peters. 2012. Second edition.


== References ==


== External links ==
Steve Cunningham homepage.Janice E. Cuny, known as Jan, is an American computer scientist noted for leading efforts in broadening participation in computing.  She is a past co-chair of CRA-W: Committee on the Status of Women in Computing Research from 1997-2000.


== Biography ==
Cuny  received a  Ph.D in Computer Science from the University of Michigan. She was a faculty member in the Department of Computer Science at Purdue University from 1981-1983; then a faculty member at the University of Massachusetts, and then at the University of Oregon. In 2004, she became a program officer at the National Science Foundation heading the Broadening Participation in Computing Initiative, the CS 10K project and in 2016 leading the STEM + Computing Partnerships initiative.


== Awards ==
In 2015, she received the 2016 SIGCSE Award for Outstanding Contributions to Computer Science Education.Her other notable awards include:

2014 Richard Tapia Achievement Award
2009 Woman of Vision Social Impact ABIE Award from the Anita Borg Institute.
2007 A. Nico Habermann Award
2003 Presidential Award for Excellence in Science, Mathematics and Engineering Mentoring (PAESMEM) - for CRA-W


== References ==


== External links ==
National Science Foundation: Janice Cuny, Program OfficerJohn Curran (born May 7, 1964) is an early Internet executive, and since 2009, the current president and CEO of the American Registry for Internet Numbers (ARIN). He was a founder of ARIN and served as its chairman from inception through 2009.  Curran ran several early Internet companies including BBN Planet, XO Communications, and Servervault.


== Career ==
Curran held positions as Chief Operating Officer & Chief Technical Officer of ServerVault (a federally oriented secure hosting company acquired by Carpathia Hosting), Chief Technical Officer of XO Communications, and Chief Technical Officer of BBN. Curran also worked for Combustion Engineering/Asea Brown Boveri and Control Data Corporation.  Curran provided technical leadership to BBN's commercial Internet efforts, including working on the early Internet research networks (CSNET and NEARNET) and the NSFNET Network Service Center (NNSC) coordination center for the pre-commercial Internet.John Curran has served as Area Director for Operations and Network Management Area of the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF), as member of the  IP Next Generation (IPng) area which led IPv6 development, and co-chaired the IETF Uniform Resource Name working group.  He has authored RFCs in early network joint operations (RFC 1355) and IPv6 area, as well as supporting work in network endpoint architecture.  Curran has experience with Federal IT system security practices (including FISMA security standards) and cloud computing, and has advocated for improving of Federal IT access to cloud computing services.Curran is author of RFC 5211, entitled "An Internet Transition Plan" which calls for moving the global Internet from its existing IPv4 protocol the newer IPv6 protocol, as well as RFC 1669 entitled "Market Viability as a IPng Criteria", which summarizes some of the challenges IPv6 will have competing against IPv4 and the inevitable arrival of network address translation devices.  In 2017, he was awarded the "IPv6 Lifetime Achievement Award" by the North American IPv6 Task Forces. Curran is notable among association leaders for being quite reachable publicly, including directly responding to queries on public email lists.


== References ==Matt Curtin (born 1973) is a computer scientist and entrepreneur in Columbus, Ohio best known for his work in cryptography and firewall systems.  He is the founder of Interhack Corporation, first faculty advisor of Open Source Club at The Ohio State University, and lecturer in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering at The Ohio State University, where he teaches a Common Lisp course.  The author of two books, Developing Trust: Online Privacy and Security and Brute Force: Cracking the Data Encryption Standard.
Curtin's work includes helping to prove the weakness of the Data Encryption Standard and providing expert testimony in Blumofe v. Pharmatrak, in which a key ruling was made by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the First Circuit, showing how the Electronic Communications Privacy Act (ECPA) applies to Web technology.


== References ==


== External links ==
Matt Curtin's homepage
Interhack CorporationDavid Neil Cutler Sr. (born March 13, 1942) is an American software engineer. He developed several computer operating systems, namely Microsoft's Windows NT, and Digital Equipment Corporation's RSX-11M, VAXELN, and VMS.


== Personal history ==
Cutler was born in Lansing, Michigan and grew up in DeWitt, Michigan. After graduating from Olivet College, Michigan, in 1965, he went to work for DuPont.
Cutler holds at least 20 patents, and is affiliate faculty in the Computer Science Department at the University of Washington.Cutler is an avid auto racing driver. He competed in the Atlantic Championship from 1996 to 2002, scoring a career best of 8th on the Milwaukee Mile in 2000.Cutler was elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering in 1994 for the design and engineering of commercially successful operating systems.
Cutler is a member of Adelphic Alpha Pi Fraternity at Olivet College, Michigan.


== DuPont (1965 to 1971) ==
Cutler's first exposure to computers came when he was tasked to perform a computer simulations model for one of DuPont's customers using IBM's GPSS-3 language on an IBM model 7044. This work led to an interest in how computers and their operating systems worked.


== Digital Equipment Corporation (1971 to 1988) ==
Cutler left DuPont to pursue his interest in computer systems, beginning with Digital Equipment Corporation in 1971. He worked at the famous "Mill" facility in Maynard, Massachusetts.


=== RSX-11M ===
See RSX-11.


=== VMS ===
In April 1975, Digital began a hardware project, code-named Star, to design a 32-bit virtual address extension to its PDP-11. In June 1975, Cutler, together with Dick Hustvedt and Peter Lipman, were appointed the technical project leaders for the software project, code-named Starlet, to develop a totally new operating system for the Star family of processors. These two projects were tightly integrated from the beginning.
The three technical leaders of the Starlet project together with three technical leaders of the Star project formed the "Blue Ribbon Committee" at Digital who produced the fifth design evolution for the programs. The design featured simplifications to the memory management and process scheduling schemes of the earlier proposals and the architecture was accepted. The Star and Starlet projects culminated in the development of the VAX-11/780 superminicomputer and the VAX/VMS operating system, respectively.


=== PRISM and MICA projects ===
Digital began working on a new CPU using reduced instruction set computer (RISC) design principles in 1986. Cutler, who was working in DEC's DECwest facility in Bellevue, Washington, was selected to head PRISM, a project to develop the company's RISC machine. Its operating system, code named MICA, was to embody the next generation of design principles and have a compatibility layer for Unix and VMS. The RISC machine was to be based on emitter coupled logic (ECL) technology, and was one of three ECL projects Digital was undertaking at the time.
Funding the Research and Development (R&D) costs of multiple ECL projects yielding products that would ultimately compete against each other was a strain. Of the three ECL projects, the VAX 9000 was the only one that was directly commercialized. Primarily because of the early successes of the PMAX advanced development project and the need for differing business models, PRISM was canceled in 1988 in favor of PMAX.
PRISM later surfaced as the basis of Digital's Alpha family of computer systems.


=== Attitude towards Unix ===
Cutler is known for his disdain for Unix. Said one team member who worked with Cutler:

Unix is like Cutler’s lifelong foe. It’s like his Moriarty. He thinks Unix is a junk
operating program designed by a committee of Ph.D.s. There’s never been one mind behind the whole thing, and
it shows. So he’s always been out to get Unix. 


== Microsoft (1988 to Present) ==


=== Microsoft Windows NT ===
Cutler left Digital for Microsoft in October 1988 and led the development of Windows NT. Later, he worked on targeting Windows NT to Digital's 64-bit Alpha architecture then on Windows 2000. After the demise of Windows on Alpha (and the demise of Digital), he was instrumental in porting Windows to AMD's new 64-bit AMD64 architecture. He was officially involved with the Windows XP Pro x64 and Windows Server 2003 SP1 x64 releases. He moved to working on Microsoft's Live Platform in August 2006. Dave Cutler was awarded the prestigious status of Senior Technical Fellow at Microsoft.


=== Microsoft Windows Azure ===
At the 2008 Professional Developers Conference, Microsoft announced Azure Services Platform, a cloud-based operating system which Microsoft is developing. During the conference keynote, Cutler was mentioned as a lead developer on the project, along with Amitabh Srivastava.


=== Microsoft Xbox ===
As of January 2012, a spokesperson for Microsoft confirmed that Cutler was no longer working on Windows Azure, and had joined the Xbox team. No further information was provided as to what Cutler's role was, nor what he was working on within the team.
In May 2013, Microsoft announced the Xbox One console, and Cutler was mentioned as having worked in developing the host OS part of the system running inside the new gaming device. Apparently his work was focused in creating an optimized version of Microsoft's Hyper-V Host OS specifically designed for Xbox One.


== Awards ==
Recognized as a 2007 National Medal of Technology and Innovation Laureate, awarded on 29 September 2008 at a White House ceremony in Washington, DC.
Honored as a Computer History Museum Fellow on 16 April 2016 at the Computer History Museum in Mountain View, California.


== References ==


== Bibliography ==
Zachary, G. Pascal (1994). Showstopper! The Breakneck Race to Create Windows NT and the Next Generation at Microsoft. Warner Books. ISBN 0-02-935671-7.


== External links ==
Dave Cutler video on his career as part of his Computer History Museum Fellow award on YouTube
Dave Cutler video on 64 bit computing at AMD Site at the Wayback Machine (archived February 23, 2006)
Dave Cutler race driving career statistics
David Cutler, Microsoft Technical Fellow at the Wayback Machine (archived October 7, 2010)Matthew Cutts (born 1972 or 1973) is an American software engineer. Cutts is the former Administrator of the United States Digital Service. He was first appointed as acting administrator, to later be confirmed as full administrator in October 2018. Cutts previously worked with Google as part of the search quality team on search engine optimization issues. He is the former head of the web spam team at Google.


== Education ==
Cutts completed his high school career in Morehead, Kentucky at Rowan County Senior High School. He received a bachelor's degree in computer science and mathematics from the University of Kentucky in 1995. He went on to receive a Master of Science degree from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 1998.


== Career ==
Cutts started his career in search when working on his Ph.D. at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. In January 2000, Cutts joined Google as a software engineer. At 2007 PubCon, Cutts stated that his field of study was computer science; he then moved into the field of information retrieval and search engines after taking two outside classes from the university's Information and Library Science department. Before working at the Search Quality group at Google, Cutts worked at the ads engineering group and SafeSearch, Google's family filter, which he designed. There, he earned the nickname "porn cookie guy" by giving his wife's homemade cookies to any Googler who provided an example of unwanted pornography in the search results.Cutts is one of the co-inventors listed upon a Google patent related to search engines and web spam.In 2006, The Wall Street Journal said Cutts "is to search results what Alan Greenspan was to interest rates".In November 2010, Cutts started a contest challenging developers to make Microsoft Kinect more compatible with the Linux operating system. At the time, Microsoft had stated that the use of Kinect with devices other than the Xbox 360 was not supported by them.Cutts has given advice and made statements on help related to the use of the Google search engine and related issues.In January 2012, on the news that Google had violated its own quality guidelines, Cutts defended the downgraded PageRank of the Google Chrome homepage results, noting that it was not given special dispensation.In July 2014, Cutts stated that he was going to take a few months of leave to spend more time with his family and try new things, including a half ironman race. Upon joining Google, Cutts agreed with his wife to work for four to five years and then spend a period of time together. Fifteen years later, Cutts made the decision to do so.In May 2015, Google announced it had placed someone new in Cutts' position as the head of the web spam team, but this person would not be an official spokesperson for publisher and webmaster issues.In January 2017, Cutts announced that he would be leaving Google to join the US Digital Service. Cutts noted that he handed in his notice to Google on December 31, 2016. Cutts was originally going to spend his leave at the USDS for three months which then turned into six months.


== References ==


== Further reading ==
David A. Vise; Mark Malseed (November 15, 2005). The Google Story. Delacorte Press. ISBN 0-553-80457-X.


== External links ==
Official website
Matt Cutts at TEDGeorge V. Cybenko is the Dorothy and Walter Gramm Professor of
Engineering at Dartmouth and a fellow of the IEEE and SIAM.


== Education ==
Cybenko obtained his BA in mathematics from the University of Toronto and received his PhD from Princeton in applied mathematics of electrical and computer engineering in 1978.


== Work ==
Cybenko has served as an advisor for the Defense Science Board and several other government panels and is the founding editor-in-chief of the IEEE Security & Privacy magazine.
His current research interests are distributed information, control systems, and signal processing, with a focus on applications to security and infrastructure protection.
He is known for proving the universal approximation theorem for artificial neural networks with sigmoid activation functions.


== References ==


== External links ==
Homepage at DartmouthMary Czerwinski is an American cognitive scientist and computer-human interaction expert who works for Microsoft Research as manager of their research group on visualization and interaction.Czerwinski earned her doctorate in cognitive science from Indiana University. She worked in computer-human interaction for Bellcore, the Johnson Space Center, and Compaq, and also held an adjunct position at Rice University while at Compaq. She moved to Microsoft in 1996, as a usability tester in product development. Two years later, she joined Microsoft Research, as the first social scientist to work there. She works in the visualization and interaction research group managing researchers, designers, and developers doing human-computer interaction research Her main research focus is around large/multiple displays, social and physiological computing, novel information visualizations and interaction techniques She was also an affiliated faculty member with the psychology department at the University of Washington from 1996 to 2009, and has been an adjunct professor in Washington's Information School since 2011. In 2015 she was named a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery "for contributions to human-computer interaction and leadership in the CHI community." In 2014, she also received the Distinguished Alumni award from Indiana University's Brain and Psychological Sciences department and will receive a Distinguished Alumni award from the College of Arts and Sciences from Indiana in February, 2018 Czerwinski was awarded the ACM SIGCHI Lifetime Service Award, was inducted into the CHI Academy, and became an ACM Distinguished Scientist in 2010.


== Personal life ==
Czerwinski currently resides in Redmond, WA.


== Education ==
1978-1982—M.A; B.A, Experimental Psychology; Psychology at Ball State University
1982-1988-PhD, Cognitive Psychology at Indiana University Bloomington


== Research ==
Czerwinski has published over a hundred papers during her time at Microsoft Collectively, her work has been cited over 10000 times since 2016. Her research focuses on emotion tracking, information worker task management, health and wellness for individuals and groups.


== References ==Dilma Menezes Da Silva is a Brazilian-American systems software researcher known for her work in cloud computing. She holds the Ford Motor Company Design Professorship II at Texas A&M University, and is head of the Department of Computer Science and Engineering at Texas A&M.


== Biography ==
Da Silva earned bachelor's and master's degrees from the University of São Paulo in 1986 and 1990 respectively. She completed her doctorate in 1997 from the Georgia Institute of Technology under the supervision of Karsten Schwan. She returned to the University of São Paulo as a senior lecturer in 1995, and on completion of her doctorate became an assistant professor there. In 2000 she moved to IBM Research at the Thomas J. Watson Research Center in New York, where she worked as a research staff member in IBM's Advanced Operating System Group. At IBM, her contributions included work on the file system of the K42 experimental operating system. In 2012 she moved to Qualcomm's Silicon Valley Research Center. At Qualcomm, her work was centered on cloud computing. In 2014 she returned to academia as the Ford Professor at Texas A&M, and as the new head of the Department of Computer Science and Engineering.


== Awards ==
Da Silva became a Distinguished Member of the Association for Computing Machinery in 2011.


== References ==


== External links ==
Home page
Dilma Da Silva publications indexed by Google ScholarWeili Dai (simplified Chinese: 戴伟立; traditional Chinese: 戴偉立; pinyin: Dài Wěilì) is a Chinese-born American businesswoman. She is the co-founder, former director, and former president of Marvell Technology Group. Dai is a successful female entrepreneur, and is the only female co-founder of a major semiconductor company. In 2015, she was listed as the 95th richest woman in the world by Forbes. Her estimated net worth is US$1.6 billion as of December 2021.


== Early life ==
Dai was born in Shanghai, China, where she played semi-professional basketball before moving to the US at the age of 17. She has a bachelor's degree in computer science from the University of California, Berkeley.


== Career ==
Dai was involved in software development and project management at Canon Research Center America, Inc.

Dai co-founded the American semiconductor company Marvell in 1995 with her husband Sehat Sutardja. She directed Marvell's rise to become a large company. While at Marvell, Dai worked on strategic partnerships, and marketed Marvell's technology for use in products across several markets.  Dai also works to increase access to technology in the developing world and served as an ambassador of opportunity between the US and China. 
Dai served as chief operating officer, executive vice president, and general manager of the Communications Business Group at Marvell. She was corporate secretary of the board, and a director of the board at Marvell Technology Group Ltd.Dai promoted partnership with the One Laptop Per Child program (OLPC) and women in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) fields.She sits on the board of the disaster relief organization, Give2Asia, and was named to a committee of 100 representing the Chinese Americans. The Sutardja Dai Hall at her alma mater, UC Berkeley, was named for Dai along with her husband Sehat Sutardja, CEO of Marvell and Pantas Sutardja, CTO of Marvell. Sutardja Dai Hall is home to the Center for Information Technology Research in the Interest of Society (CITRIS). In 2015, Dai was named to the Global Semiconductor Alliance's (GSA) board of directors,  Dai is a member of the executive committee for TechNet.


== Awards ==
Newsweek named Dai one of the "150 Women Who Shake the World." She has been profiled by CNN International for the Leading Women Innovator Series. In 2004, Dai was a recipient of the EY Entrepreneur of the Year award. On May 12, 2012,  Dai became the first female commencement speaker at the UC Berkeley College of Engineering. On August 22, 2012, Dai was on the Forbes list of "The World's 100 Most Powerful Women." In October 2012, she got an award from the non-profit organization Upwardly Global. In March 2013, Dai was honored with the Silicon Valley Entrepreneur of the Year Award in the Established Corporation category by the Chinese Institute of Engineers/USA-San Francisco Bay Area Chapter.On May 23, 2013, Dai was No. 88 on the Forbes list of "The World's Most Powerful Women." On June 12, 2013, Dai was named a 2013 Most Influential Women in Embedded. On Oct. 25, 2013,  Dai was honored with the New Silk Road Award by the California-Asia Business Council. On Nov. 13, 2013,  Dai was awarded the Gold Stevie Award for Woman of the Year – Technology. On Dec. 16, 2013, Marvell Co-founders Dr. Sehat Sutardja and Weili Dai were honored with the 2013 Dr. Morris Chang Exemplary Leadership Award  by the Global Semiconductor Alliance.
On May 28, 2014, Dai was named to Forbes most powerful women list. On Sept. 8, 2014, Dai, was honored with a Gold award as the "Best Woman Professional of the Year" at the 2014 Golden Bridge Awards. On Nov. 17, 2014,  Dai  had a Stevie award in 2017. In 2014, Dai got a Women World award.On May 26, 2015, Dai was named as the 95th most powerful woman in the world by Forbes, her fourth consecutive year on Forbes list of "The World's Most Powerful Women." On Aug. 5, 2015, Ms. Dai received a Gold recognition for "Technology Executive of the Year" from the 2015 International Best in Biz Awards. In 2015,  Dai was named a recipient of the "Keepers of the American Dream" by The National Immigration Forum and National Immigration Forum Action Fund.


== Controversies ==
In 2008, the company and its then chief operating officer–and the only member of its stock option "committee" during the period in question – Weili Dai paid fines, to the Securities and Exchange Commission over charges of false financial information to investors by improperly backdating stock option grants to employees, totaling $10 million and $500,000 respectively. Dai was forced to step down as executive vice president, chief operating officer, and a director but allowed to continue with the company in a non-management position.In 2016, Dai and her husband, Sehat Sutardja, were fired from Marvell Technology Group, the company they had co-founded, after months-long investigation on a potential accounting fraud. The investigation found no fraud, however, it found that there were significant pressures from management to meet revenue targets and that internal controls were not fully followed and some revenues were booked prematurely early.


== Personal life ==
She is married to Sehat Sutardja. The couple have two children. They moved to Las Vegas, Nevada, US, after being dismissed from Marvell.


== References ==


== External links ==
An interview with Rory Moore of CommNexus, from CTIA 2010
Pink Magazine interview, June 2009Shaundra Bryant Daily (born May 29, 1979) is an American professor and author known for her work in the field of human-centered computing and broadening participation in STEM. She is a professor in the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering and Computer Science at Duke University.


== Early life and education ==
Growing up, Daily was interested in math and science and loved to dance and do gymnastics. Daily received her B.S. in Engineering from Florida State University in 2001, her M.S. from Florida Agricultural and Mechanical University in 2003, and her S.M. (2005) and Ph.D. (2010) from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Media Lab. At the Media Lab, she worked with the Affective Computing and Future of Learning Groups.


== Career ==
After graduating from the Media Lab, Daily joined Clemson University's School of Computing in the Human-Centered Computing Division as an assistant professor. There she was promoted to associate professor and served as Co-Chair of the division.In 2012, Daily was involved in a controversial project to measure galvanic skin response in classrooms using bracelets from startup Affectiva. The project was funded by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and was criticized by Diane Ravitch of New York University.Daily's work at Clemson focused on the use of dance to teach programming. Students used block programming to choreograph dances in a virtual environment. The aim of the research was to help bridge the gender gap in computer science and engineering.In 2015, she joined the Department of Computing and Information Sciences at the University of Florida as an associate professor, before moving to Duke University where she serves as an associate professor in the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering. As Faculty Director of Duke Technology Scholars Program and faculty representative of the executive committee for the Pratt School of Engineering Diversity, Inclusion, Equity and Community Committee, Daily continues working for equity in STEM.
Daily's accomplishments have been documented in articles, web series and podcasts. She was featured in news sources for her work fusing dance and a virtual environment to teach computer programming as well as The Washington Post for her work exploring privacy and trust issues of affective computing in the classroom. Daily was featured alongside Neil deGrasse Tyson and Mayim Bialik on the PBS web series The Secret Life Of Scientists And Engineers.


== Honors and awards ==
2020 Undergraduate Mentor of the Year, Duke University
2015 Technology, Instruction, Cognition and Learning Early Career Research Award given by the American Education Research Association.
2015 Delta Alpha Pi, Extraordinary Educator Award for outstanding work which impacts students with disabilities.
2013 BDPA Most Promising Technologist Epsilon Award
2013 Diverse Issues and Higher Education, Emerging Scholar


== References ==Nell B. Dale is an American computer scientist noted for her work in computer science education and computer science introductory programming textbooks. She was on the Association for Computing Machinery's Special Interest Group on Computer Science Education Board from 1981–85, and from 1987–93, and was Chair of SIGCSE from 1991–93. She was Chair of the SIGCSE Symposium in 1991 and Co-Chair of the SIGCSE
Symposium in 2000.


== Biography ==
Dale received a B.S. in Mathematics and Psychology from the University of Houston in 1960. She received a M.A. in Mathematics from University of Texas at Austin in 1964 and a Ph.D in Computer Science from University of Texas in Austin in 1972.
She joined the Department of Computer Science at the University of Texas at Austin as an instructor in 1975, then a lecturer in 1977, a Senior Lecturer in 1981, and retired in 2000.
Dale wrote 16 textbooks on Pascal, C++, Visual Basic, Java and Ada.


== Bibliography ==
(with John Lewis) Computer Science Illuminated (5th Edition 2012). Jones and Bartlett. ISBN 978-1449672843


== Awards ==
In the year 2009
she was named an ACM Fellow.
Her other notable awards include:

ACM Karl V. Karlstrom Educator Award (2001)
IEEE Computer Society Taylor L. Booth Award (2013)
SIGCSE Award for Outstanding Contribution to Computer Science Education (1996)


== References ==


== External links ==
University of Texas at Austin: Nell B. Dale, Department of Computer ScienceWilliam James Dally (born August 17, 1960) is an American computer scientist and educator.


== Microelectronics ==
He developed a number of techniques used in modern interconnection networks including routing-based deadlock avoidance, wormhole routing, link-level retry, virtual channels, global adaptive routing, and high-radix routers. He has developed efficient mechanisms for communication, synchronization, and naming in parallel computers including message-driven computing and fast capability-based addressing. He has developed a number of stream processors starting in 1995 including Imagine, for graphics, signal, and Image processing, and Merrimac, for scientific computing.He has published over 200 papers as well as the textbooks "Digital Systems Engineering" with John Poulton, and "Principles and Practices of Interconnection Networks" with Brian Towles. He was inventor or co-inventor on over 70 granted patents.
An author quoted him saying: "Locality is efficiency, Efficiency is power, Power is performance, Performance is king".


== Career ==


=== Bell Labs ===

Dally received the B.S. degree in electrical engineering from Virginia Tech.
While working for  Bell Telephone Laboratories he contributed to the design of the Bellmac 32, an early 32-bit microprocessor, and earned an M.S. degree in electrical engineering from Stanford University in 1981.
He then went to the California Institute of Technology (Caltech), graduating with a Ph.D. degree in computer science in 1986. At Caltech he designed the MOSSIM simulation engine and an integrated circuit for routing. While at Caltech, he was part of the founding group of Stac Electronics in 1983.


=== MIT ===
From 1986 to 1997 he taught at MIT where he and his group built the J–Machine and the M–Machine, parallel machines emphasizing low overhead synchronization and communication. During his MIT times he claims to have collaborated on developing design of Cray T3D and Cray T3E supercomputers.
He became the Willard R. and Inez Kerr Bell Professor in the Stanford University School of Engineering and chairman of the computer science department at Stanford.
Dally's corporate involvements include various collaborations at Cray Research since 1989.
He did Internet router work at Avici Systems starting in 1997, was chief technical officer at Velio Communications from 1999 until its 2003 acquisition by LSI Logic, founder and chairman of Stream Processors, Inc until it folded.


=== Nvidia and IEEE fellow ===
Dally was elected a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery in 2002, and a Fellow of the IEEE, also in 2002. In 2003 he became a consultant for NVIDIA for the first time and helped to develop GeForce 8800 GPUs series. He received the ACM/SIGARCH Maurice Wilkes Award in 2000, the Seymour Cray Computer Science and Engineering Award in 2004, and the IEEE Computer Society Charles Babbage Award in 2006. In 2007 he was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. 
In January 2009 he was appointed chief scientist of Nvidia.
He worked full-time at Nvidia, while supervising about 12 of his graduate students at Stanford.In 2009, he was elected to the National Academy of Engineering for contributions to the design of high-performance interconnect networks and parallel computer architectures.
He received the 2010 ACM/IEEE Eckert–Mauchly Award for "outstanding contributions to the architecture of interconnection networks and parallel computers."


== Books ==
Dally and Poulton, Digital Systems Engineering, 1998, ISBN 0-521-59292-5.
Dally and Towles, Principles and Practices of Interconnection Networks, 2004, ISBN 0-12-200751-4.
Dally and Harting, Digital Design: A Systems Approach, 2012, ISBN 978-0-521-19950-6.


== References ==


== External links ==
Stanford Faculty Home PageAndries "Andy" van Dam (born December 8, 1938) is a Dutch-American professor of computer science and former vice-president for research at Brown University in Providence, Rhode Island. Together with Ted Nelson he contributed to the  first hypertext system, Hypertext Editing System (HES) in the late 1960s. He co-authored Computer Graphics: Principles and Practice along with J.D. Foley, S.K. Feiner, and John Hughes. He also co-founded the precursor of today's ACM SIGGRAPH conference.
Van Dam serves on several technical boards and committees. He teaches an introductory course in computer science and courses in computer graphics at Brown University.
Van Dam received his B.S. degree with Honors in Engineering Sciences from Swarthmore College in 1960 and his M.S. and Ph.D. from the University of Pennsylvania in 1963 and 1966, respectively.


== Students ==
Van Dam has mentored undergraduates, other scholars, and practitioners in hypertext and computer graphics.  One of his students was Randy Pausch, who gained national renown in the process of dying from pancreatic cancer. Pausch's Last Lecture in September 2007 was the basis for the bestseller Last Lecture. Van Dam was the final speaker after the hour-plus talk. He praised Pausch for his courage and leadership, calling him a role model.  Pausch died on July 25, 2008.  Danah Boyd, Scott Draves, Dick Bulterman, Robert Sedgewick, Andy Hertzfeld, and Steven K. Feiner also were students of Andy van Dam.


== Achievements ==
Originally appointed as a professor of applied mathematics, van Dam helped to found the computer science program at Brown as a joint project between the departments of applied mathematics and engineering.  When the program was promoted to a full department, van Dam served as its first chair, from 1979 to 1985. In 1995 van Dam was appointed Thomas J. Watson, Jr. University Professor of Technology and Education as well as professor of computer science.
At the University of Pennsylvania in 1966, he became the second person to receive a Ph.D. in Computer Science.
Van Dam is perhaps most known as the co-designer, along with Ted Nelson, of the first hypertext system, HES, in the late 1960s.  With it and its immediate successor, FRESS, he was an early proponent of the use of hypertext in the humanities and in pedagogy. The term hypertext was coined by Ted Nelson, who was working with him at the time. Van Dam's continued interest in hypertext was crucial to the development of modern markup and browsing technology, and several of his students were instrumental in the origin of XML, XSLT, and related Web standards.
He is also known for co-authoring Computer Graphics: Principles and Practice with J.D. Foley, S.K. Feiner, and J.F. Hughes. This popular textbook in computer graphics and is often  called the "Bible" of computer graphics.In 1967, van Dam co-founded ACM SICGRAPH, the precursor of today's ACM SIGGRAPH.In 1983 he was one of the founders of IRIS, which developed a hypertext scholar's workstation. In 1984, he received the IEEE Centennial Medal.Van Dam teaches an Introduction to Computer Graphics course, as well as one first-year course every fall.  He is also serving on the technical board of Microsoft Research, as chairman of the Rhode Island Governor's Science and Technology Advisory Council (STAC), and as chairman of the IEEE James H. Mulligan, Jr. Education Medal committee. In 1994 he was inducted as a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery, and a chaired professorship was recently endowed in his honor at Brown University. In 2019, he was awarded the inaugural ACM SIGGRAPH Distinguished Educator Award.When the Brown Center for Information Technology was built, van Dam demanded it include showers and a Chinese restaurant. The showers were built.The character of Andy in the film Toy Story is named after van Dam. The filmmakers, many of whom had van Dam as a professor, wanted to pay tribute to his pioneering work in computer graphics.  This story is told during admissions tours at Brown University and has made it into the IMDB trivia for Toy Story. Computer Graphics: Principles and Practice appears on Andy's bookshelf in the film, which may be the origin of this rumor.


== Documentary film ==
Andries van Dam: Hypertext: An Educational Experiment in English and Computer Science at Brown University. Brown University, Providence, RI, U.S. 1974, Run time 15:16, Hypertext at IMDb, Full Movie on the Internet Archive


== References ==


== External links ==
Andries van Dam's HomepageChris Danforth is a computer scientist and an applied mathematics professor at the University of Vermont. He is known for his work with the Hedonometer, a tool developed for measuring collective mood with sentiment analysis.Danforth directs the Computational Story Lab at Vermont Complex Systems Center. His researching job is focused on exploring human behavior through social media data.In 2007, Chris Danforth collaborated with Peter Sheridan Dodds to develop a tool to measure happiness that they called "hedonometer." For creating the hedonometer, a team directed by Danforth surveyed speakers of several languages to rate words on a scale of happiest to saddest.In collaboration with social psychologist Andrew Reece, Danforth found that depressed people post photos on Instagram whose colors are cooler and darker than those of non-depressed people. In 2020, he found evidence that analyzing social media techniques might identify viral outbreaks.


== References ==George Bernard Dantzig (; November 8, 1914 – May 13, 2005) was an American mathematical scientist who made contributions to industrial engineering, operations research, computer science, economics, and statistics.
Dantzig is known for his development of the simplex algorithm, an algorithm for solving linear programming problems, and for his other work with linear programming. In statistics, Dantzig solved two open problems in statistical theory, which he had mistaken for homework after arriving late to a lecture by Jerzy Neyman.At his death, Dantzig was the Professor Emeritus of Transportation Sciences and Professor of Operations Research and of Computer Science at Stanford University.


== Early life ==
Born in Portland, Oregon, George Bernard Dantzig was named after George Bernard Shaw, the Irish writer. He was born to Jewish parents; his father, Tobias Dantzig, was a mathematician and linguist, and his mother, Anja Dantzig (née Ourisson), was a linguist of French-Jewish origin. Dantzig's parents met during their study at the University of Paris, where Tobias studied mathematics under Henri Poincaré, after whom Dantzig's brother was named. The Dantzigs immigrated to the United States, where they settled in Portland, Oregon.
Early in the 1920s the Dantzig family moved from Baltimore to Washington, D.C. His mother became a linguist at the Library of Congress, and his father became a math tutor at the University of Maryland, College Park.


== Education ==
Dantzig attended Powell Junior High School and Central High School; one of his friends there was Abraham Seidenberg, who also became a mathematician. By the time he reached high school, he was already fascinated by geometry, and this interest was further nurtured by his father, challenging him with complicated problems, particularly in projective geometry.George Dantzig received his B.S. from University of Maryland in 1936 in mathematics and physics, which is part of the University of Maryland College of Computer, Mathematical, and Natural Sciences. He earned his master's degree in mathematics from the University of Michigan in 1937. After working as a junior statistician at the Bureau of Labor Statistics from 1937 to 1939, he enrolled in the doctoral program in mathematics at the University of California, Berkeley, where he studied statistics under Jerzy Neyman.
In 1939, a misunderstanding brought about surprising results. Near the beginning of a class, Professor Neyman wrote two problems on the blackboard. Dantzig arrived late and assumed that they were a homework assignment. According to Dantzig, they "seemed to be a little harder than usual", but a few days later he handed in completed solutions for both problems, still believing that they were an assignment that was overdue. Six weeks later, an excited Neyman eagerly told him that the "homework" problems he had solved were two of the most famous unsolved problems in statistics. He had prepared one of Dantzig's solutions for publication in a mathematical journal. This story began to spread and was used as a motivational lesson demonstrating the power of positive thinking. Over time, some facts were altered, but the basic story persisted in the form of an urban legend and as an introductory scene in the movie Good Will Hunting.Dantzig recalled in a 1986 interview in the College Mathematics Journal, "A year later, when I began to worry about a thesis topic, Neyman just shrugged and told me to wrap the two problems in a binder and he would accept them as my thesis."Years later, another researcher, Abraham Wald, was preparing to publish a paper where he had arrived at a conclusion for the second problem when he learned of Dantzig's earlier solution. When Dantzig suggested publishing jointly, Wald simply added Dantzig's name as co-author.


== Career ==
With the outbreak of World War II, Dantzig took a leave of absence from the doctoral program at Berkeley to work as a civilian for the United States Army Air Forces. From 1941 to 1946, he became the head of the combat analysis branch of the Headquarters Statistical Control for the Army Air Forces. In 1946, he returned to Berkeley to complete the requirements of his program and received his Ph.D. that year. Although he had a faculty offer from Berkeley, he returned to the Air Force as mathematical advisor to the comptroller.In 1952, Dantzig joined the mathematics division of the RAND Corporation. By 1960, he became a professor in the Department of Industrial Engineering at UC Berkeley, where he founded and directed the Operations Research Center. In 1966, he joined the Stanford faculty as Professor of Operations Research and of Computer Science. A year later, the Program in Operations Research became a full-fledged department. In 1973 he founded the Systems Optimization Laboratory (SOL) there. On a sabbatical leave that year, he managed the Methodology Group at the International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis (IIASA) in Laxenburg, Austria. Later he became the C. A. Criley Professor of Transportation Sciences at Stanford University.He was a member of the National Academy of Sciences, the National Academy of Engineering, and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. Dantzig was the recipient of many honors, including the first John von Neumann Theory Prize in 1974, the National Medal of Science in 1975, an honorary doctorate from the University of Maryland, College Park in 1976. The Mathematical Programming Society honored Dantzig by creating the George B. Dantzig Prize, bestowed every three years since 1982 on one or two people who have made a significant impact in the field of mathematical programming. He was elected to the 2002 class of Fellows of the Institute for Operations Research and the Management Sciences.


=== Research ===
Freund wrote further that "through his research in mathematical theory, computation, economic analysis, and applications to industrial problems, Dantzig contributed more than any other researcher to the remarkable development of linear programming".Dantzig's work allows the airline industry, for example, to schedule crews and make fleet assignments. Based on his work tools are developed "that shipping companies use to determine how many planes they need and where their delivery trucks should be deployed. The oil industry long has used linear programming in refinery planning, as it determines how much of its raw product should become different grades of gasoline and how much should be used for petroleum-based byproducts. It is used in manufacturing, revenue management, telecommunications, advertising, architecture, circuit design and countless other areas".


==== Linear programming ====
Linear programming is a mathematical method for determining a way to achieve the best outcome (such as maximum profit or lowest cost) in a given mathematical model for some list of requirements represented as linear relationships. Linear programming arose as a mathematical model developed during World War II to plan expenditures and returns in order to reduce costs to the army and increase losses to the enemy. It was kept secret until 1947. Postwar, many industries found its use in their daily planning.
The founders of this subject are Leonid Kantorovich, a Russian mathematician who developed linear programming problems in 1939, Dantzig, who published the simplex method in 1947, and John von Neumann, who developed the theory of the duality in the same year.
Dantzig was asked to work out a method the Air Force could use to improve their planning process.  This led to his original example of finding the best assignment of 70 people to 70 jobs showing the usefulness of linear programming. The computing power required to test all the permutations to select the best assignment is vast; the number of possible configurations exceeds the number of particles in the universe. However, it takes only a moment to find the optimum solution by posing the problem as a linear program and applying the Simplex algorithm. The theory behind linear programming drastically reduces the number of possible optimal solutions that must be checked.
In 1963, Dantzig's Linear Programming and Extensions was published by Princeton University Press. Rich in insight and coverage of significant topics, the book quickly became "the bible" of linear programming.


== Personal life ==
Dantzig received his bachelor's degree in mathematics and physics from the University of Maryland in 1936, the year he married Anne S. Shmuner. He died on May 13, 2005, in his home in Stanford, California, of complications from diabetes and cardiovascular disease. He was 90 years old.


== Publications ==
Books by George Dantzig:

1953. Notes on linear programming. RAND Corporation.
1956. Linear inequalities and related systems. With others. Edited by H.W. Kuhn and A.W. Tucker. Princeton University Press.
1963. Linear programming and extensions. Princeton University Press and the RAND Corporation. pdf from RAND
1966. On the continuity of the minimum set of a continuous function. With Jon H. Folkman and Norman Shapiro.
1968. Mathematics of the decision sciences. With Arthur F. Veinott, Jr. Summer Seminar on Applied Mathematics 5th : 1967 : Stanford University. American Mathematical Society.
1969. Lectures in differential equations. A. K. Aziz, general editor. Contributors: George B. Dantzig and others.
1970. Natural gas transmission system optimization. With others.
1973. Compact city; a plan for a liveable urban environment. With Thomas L. Saaty.
1974. Studies in optimization. Edited with B.C. Eaves. Mathematical Association of America.
1985. Mathematical programming : essays in honor of George B. Dantzig. Edited by R.W. Cottle. Mathematical Programming Society.
1997. Linear programming 1: Introduction. G.B.D. and Mukund N. Thapa. Springer-Verlag.
2003. Linear programming 2: Theory and Extensions. G.B.D. and Mukund N. Thapa. Springer-Verlag.
2003. The Basic George B. Dantzig. Edited by Richard W. Cottle. Stanford Business Books, Stanford University Press, Stanford, California.Book chapters:

Dantzig, George B. (1960), "General convex objective forms",  in Arrow, Kenneth J.; Karlin, Samuel; Suppes, Patrick (eds.), Mathematical models in the social sciences, 1959: Proceedings of the first Stanford symposium, Stanford mathematical studies in the social sciences, IV, Stanford, California: Stanford University Press, pp. 151–158, ISBN 9780804700214.Articles, a selection:

Dantzig, George B. (June 1940). "On the Non-Existence of Tests of 'Student's' Hypothesis Having Power Functions Independent of σ". The Annals of Mathematical Statistics. 11 (2): 186–92. doi:10.1214/aoms/1177731912. JSTOR 2235875.
Wood, Marshall K.; Dantzig, George B. (1949). "Programming of Interdependent Activities: I General Discussion". Econometrica. 17 (3/4): 193–9. doi:10.2307/1905522. JSTOR 1905522.
Dantzig, George B. (1949). "Programming of Interdependent Activities: II Mathematical Model". Econometrica. 17 (3): 200–211. doi:10.2307/1905523. JSTOR 1905523.
Dantzig, George B. (1955). "Optimal Solution of a Dynamic Leontief Model with Substitution". Econometrica. 23 (3): 295–302. doi:10.2307/1910385. JSTOR 1910385.


== See also ==


== Notes ==


== Further reading ==
Cottle, Richard; Johnson, Ellis; Wets, Roger (March 2007). "George B. Dantzig (1914–2005)" (PDF). Notices of the American Mathematical Society. 54 (3): 344–62.
"Professor George Dantzig: Linear Programming Founder Turns 80", SIAM News, November 1994
O'Connor, John J.; Robertson, Edmund F., "George Dantzig", MacTutor History of Mathematics archive, University of St Andrews
Dantzig, George B. (1990). "The Diet Problem". Interfaces. 20 (4): 43–7. doi:10.1287/inte.20.4.43. JSTOR 25061369.
Cottle, Richard W. (2005). "George B. Dantzig: a legendary life in mathematical programming". Mathematical Programming. 105 (1): 1–8. doi:10.1007/s10107-005-0674-4. ISSN 0025-5610. S2CID 207054446.


== External links ==
Works by or about George Dantzig in libraries (WorldCat catalog)
O'Connor, John J.; Robertson, Edmund F., "George Dantzig", MacTutor History of Mathematics archive, University of St Andrews
Tributes to George Dantzig and Leonid Khachiyan
Obituaries of George Dantzig
Interview with George B. Dantzig: The Father of Linear Programming – The College Mathematical Journal, 1986 JSTOR 2686279
INFORMS George Dantzig Memorial Website
George Dantzig at the Mathematics Genealogy Project
Biography of George Dantzig from the Institute for Operations Research and the Management Sciences (INFORMS)
An Interview with Nobel Laureate Harry M. Markowitz [1]Andrea Pohoreckyj Danyluk is an American computer scientist and computer science educator. She is Mary A. and William Wirt Warren Professor of Computer Science at Williams College, and co-chair of the Committee on Widening Participation in Computing Research of the Computing Research Association.


== Education ==
Danyluk earned a bachelor's degree in mathematics and computer science from Vassar College in 1984. She completed her Ph.D. in computer science at Columbia University in 1989. Her dissertation, Extraction and Use of Contextual Attributes for Theory Completion: An Integration of Explanation-Based and Similarity-Based Learning, concerned machine learning and was supervised by Kathleen McKeown.


== Career ==
After working in industry for several years, Danyluk joined Williams College as an assistant professor in 1993. At Williams, she chaired the computer science department from 2005 to 2008, and the cognitive science program from 2005 to 2006. She was acting dean of the faculty from 2009 to 2010. She was Dennis A. Meenan '54 Third Century Professor of Computer Science at Williams College from 2012 to 2018, and was given the Mary A. and William Wirt Warren Professorship in 2018.She has also worked at Northeastern University as a visiting director and founding director of a master's program aimed at computer science students who studied other subjects as undergraduates. She remains associated with Northeastern as a member of the advisory council of the Center for Inclusive Computing.


== Education ==
Danyluk is a proponent of event-driven programming in lower-level computer science education.
With Kim Bruce and Thomas Murtagh, she is the author of a textbook that follows this view, Java: An Eventful Approach (Prentice Hall, 2006).


== References ==


== External links ==
Home page
Andrea Danyluk publications indexed by Google ScholarFrederica Darema is a Greek American physicist. She proposed the SPMD programming model in 1984 and Dynamic Data Driven Application Systems (DDDAS) in 2000. She was elected IEEE Fellow in 2004.


== Biography ==
Darema received her BS degree from the School of Physics and Mathematics of the University of Athens - Greece, and MS and Ph. D. degrees in Theoretical Nuclear Physics from the Illinois Institute of Technology and the University of California at Davis, respectively, where she attended as a Fulbright Scholar and a Distinguished Scholar. After Physics Research Associate positions at the University of Pittsburgh and Brookhaven National Laboratory, she received an APS Industrial Fellowship and became a Technical Staff Member in the Nuclear Sciences Department at Schlumberger Doll Research. Subsequently, in 1982, she joined the IBM Thomas J. Watson Research Center as a Research Staff Member in the Computer Sciences Department and later-on she established and became the manager of a research group at IBM Research on parallel applications. Dr. Darema has been at the National Science Foundation since 1994, where she has managed the New Generation Software and Dynamic Data Driven Application Systems programs. During 1996-1998 she completed a two-year assignment at DARPA. She is now at the Air Force Office of Scientific Research.


== References ==


== External links ==
Frederica Darema, Dynamic Data Driven Application Systems, LCPC 2003: The 16th International Workshop on Languages and Compilers for Parallel Computing Archived 2006-09-01 at the Wayback Machine
AFOSR: Mathematics, Information and Life Sciences. Retrieved April 22, 2010.Trevor Jackson Darrell is an American computer scientist and professor at the University of California, Berkeley. He is known for his research on computer vision and machine learning and is one of the leading experts on topics such as deep learning and explainable AI.Darrell's group at UC Berkeley developed the Caffe deep learning library.


== Education ==
1996, Ph.D., Massachusetts Institute of Technology
1991, M.S., Massachusetts Institute of Technology
1988, B.S.E., University of Pennsylvania


== References ==Bita Daryabari (Persian: بیتا دریاباری; born 1969 in Tehran) is an Iranian-American philanthropist, entrepreneur and computer scientist. She is the founder of several community organizations which focus on Persian immigrants in society and arts in the United States. Daryabari has provided financial assistance to various educational institutions for research on the Iranian studies in higher education, including endowments to Stanford, Pembroke College, U.C. Davis, and U.C. Berkeley. She has a named Chair at U.C. Davis in Persian Language and Literature and at U.C. Berkeley in Iranian Studies.


== Early life and education ==
Bita Daryabari was born in Tehran, Iran. Her father was a dentist and her mother was a housewife. She grew up reading Persian books, including those of the scholar Rumi. Daryabari moved to the US from a war-stricken Iran in 1985 where she attended high school in St. Joseph, Missouri.Daryabari attended California State University where she received a BSc in computer science. She also attended Golden Gate University in San Francisco where she received a MSc in telecommunications management.


== Career and philanthropy ==
Bita Daryabari began her career in engineering at GammaLink. She moved on to a career in telecommunications at MCI Communications where she worked until 1996.Daryabari began focusing her career on philanthropy where in 2008 she founded the Bita Daryabari Endowment for Persian Literature and Poetry with a contribution of $2.5 million. The same year, she created a $6.5 million Bita Daryabari Endowment in Persian Letters at Stanford. In 2011, she founded a community organization in California called the Pars Equality Center where she and the members of the organization assist Iranian immigrants living in the United States.Additional endowments have included $2 million for the Shahnama Project at Pembroke College in 2013, a $1.5 million gift to the University of California, Davis in 2015 to broaden its Persian studies program, and $5 million to UC Berkeley in 2016 for the study of Iranian languages, literature, arts, and culture.Daryabari is the founder of the Unique Zan Foundation, a social service organization that works with academic institutions and organizations for women in the  Middle East. In 2016, UC Berkeley announced the Presidential Chair in Iranian Studies after her name.


== Awards and recognition ==
Daryabari has received numerous awards and recognition for her work including Golden Gate University's Alumni of the Year in 2008. In 2010 she was named Philanthropist of the Year by PAAIA and in 2011 received the United Nations Appreciation Award. Additional honors include being the recipient of the Ellis Island Medal of Honor in 2012 and being named a World Affairs Council Honoree of the Year in 2015. In 2018 she received an honorary doctorate from Golden Gate University.


== Personal life ==
Daryabari married Google engineer Omid Kordestani in 1994 and they had two children together, a daughter, Misha Kordestani, and a son, Milan Kordestani. Daryabari and Kordestani separated in 2007, and Daryabari married Reza Malek, a surgeon and medical entrepreneur, in 2009. They divorced in 2016. Daryabari married Iranian poet and singer Shahkar Bineshpajooh in 2018.


== References ==Computer Science
Dr. Sajal K. Das is currently a Professor of Computer Science and the Daniel St. Clair Endowed Chair at Missouri University of Science and Technology (S&T), where he was the Chair of Computer Science Department during 2013-2017. Prior to that he was a University Distinguished Scholar Professor of Computer Science and Engineering and the founding director of the Center for Research in Wireless Mobility and Networking (CReWMaN) at the University of Texas at Arilington. During 2008-2011 he served the US National Science Foundation as a Program Director in Computer Networks and Systems division of the CISE Directorate. During 1988-1999 he was a faculty at the University of North Texas. His research interests include wireless and sensor networks, mobile and pervasive computing, parallel and cloud computing, smart and connected communities (smart city, smart home, smart grid, smart health, smart transportation, and smart agriculture), cyber-physical systems, Internet of Things (IoT), cyber-physical security, machine learning and data analytics, biological and social networking, applied graph theory and game theory. His research on wireless sensor networks and pervasive and mobile computing is widely recognized as pioneering. He is a Fellow of the IEEE.


== Biography and education ==
B.S. degree in Computer Science and Engineering, Calcutta University, 1983
M.S. degree in Computer Science and automation, Indian Institute of Science in Bangalore, 1984
Ph.D. degree in Computer Science, University of Central Florida, 1988


== Editorial activities ==
Founding Editor-in-Chief: Pervasive and Mobile Computing journal (Elsevier, 2004–present);
Associate Editor: 

ACM Transactions on Sensor Networks (2014–present);
IEEE Transactions on Dependable and Secure Computing (2018-present);
IEEE Transactions on Mobile Computing (2003–2011, 2014–present);
Journal of Parallel and Distributed Computing (Elsevier, 1997–2003, 2009–present);
Computer Communications (Elsevier Science, 2009–present);
ACM/Springer Wireless Networks Journal (2002–present);
Journal on Peer-to-Peer Networking and Applications (Springer, 2007–present);
Journal on Self Computing (2013–present)


== Publications, patents and books ==
Das has published 350+ high quality journal articles and 475+ peer-reviewed conference papers, gathering 34,300+ citations according to Google Scholar and 50 invited book chapters.
He is one of the most prolific authors in computer science according to DBLP His current h-index is 91.


=== Books ===
S. Roy and S. K. Das, Principles of Cyber-Physical Systems: An Interdisciplinary Approach, Cambridge University Press, 2020.
S. K. Das, K. Kant and N. Zhang, Handbook on Securing Cyber-Physical Critical Infrastructure: Foundations and Challenges, Morgan Kaufmann, 2012.
J. Cao and S. K. Das, Mobile Agents in Networking and Distributed Computing (Wiley Series in Agent Technology), John Wiley, 2012.
D. J. Cook and S. K. Das, Smart Environments: Technology, Protocols and Applications, John Wiley, 2005.


== Awards ==
Professional membership:

IEEE Fellow (2015), for "contributions to parallel and distributed computing".Research Awards:

E.T.S. Shelton Professor Award, Science Foundation of Ireland.
IEEE Computer Society Technical Achievement Award for pioneering contributions in Sensor Networks and Mobile Computing.
Academy of Distinguished Scholars Award, UT Arlington.
University Award for Distinguished Record of Research, UT Arlington.
College of Engineering Outstanding Research Award, UT Arlington.
Outstanding Faculty Research Award, Dept of Computer Science and Engineering, UT Arlington.
Centennial Scholars Award for outstanding research, UNT.
’Fessor Graham Award Nominee and Decker Scholar Award Nominee, UNT.Teaching Awards:

Graduate Dean's Award for Excellence in Doctoral Students Mentoring, UT Arlington.
2008 IEEE Region 5 Outstanding Engineering Educator Award.
Lockheed Martin Teaching Excellence Award, UT Arlington.
Student Association Honor Professor Award for outstanding teaching, scholarly research, and involvement with student activities, UNT.Service Awards:

IEEE Engineer of the Year Award, Ft-Worth Section.
Distinguished Alumni Award Nominee for outstanding professional achievements, UCF, Orlando.
Recognition of ACM Service Awards, for contributions as a founder and organizer of the ACM International Workshop on Wireless Mobile Multimedia (WoWMoM).
IEEE Computer Society's Appreciation Awards, in recognition of contributions and leadership as General Chair of IEEE MASCOTS (2002, 1998); Vice General Chair of IEEE HiPC.
Service Recognition Award, UNT.


== References ==


== External links ==
Sajal K. Das personal webpage
Creative Research in Wireless Mobility and Networking (CReWMaN) website
Sajal K. Das academic ancestrySamir R. Das is an Indian-American Stony Brook University professor who attended Jadavpur University and Indian Institute of Science. He was also associated with Indian Statistical Institute in Kolkata. He obtained his Ph.D. from the Georgia Institute of Technology. He was former faculty in University of Texas at San Antonio and University of Cincinnati where he conducted research in computer science particularly in wireless networking. As of 2017 his work Ad hoc on-demand distance vector (AODV) was cited over 26,000+ times. Many of his research works are highly cited, giving him an h-index of 54.


== References ==Gordon Daugherty is an American computer scientist, business advisor, high-tech executive and author. During his early career, he did research and development work on IP videoconferencing.Daugherty co-founded Capital Factory, a co-working space, early stage venture fund and tech accelerator based in Austin, Texas. He also founded Shockwave Innovations, a content creation and advisory practice for the benefit of tech startups and entrepreneurs.


== Education and career ==
Daugherty was born in Dallas, Texas, and holds a Bachelor's degree in computer science from Baylor University. He has worked at firms such as IBM and Compaq.Daugherty worked at VCON Videoconferencing, which later became a publicly listed company in the  Nouveau marché stock market in Paris (now a part of the Euronext Paris stock market) and was later acquired by an Israeli conglomerate named Emblaze. Additionally, Daugherty has worked at Austin-based NetQoS, which was acquired by CA Technologies, for $200million. Through his company Capital Factory and individually, Daugherty has invested in more than 250 early-stage companies.
Daugherty was an advisor for Riskpulse, which was sold to DHL and Columbia Capital in January 2020. He was also an advisor for as technology company MediaMind, which had an IPO in NASDAQ in 2010, and was acquired by Digital Generation Systems in 2011.Daugherty co-founded Capital Factory, a co-working space and tech accelerator based in Austin, Texas. He also founded Shockwave Innovations, an advisory firm.


== Publications and lectures ==
Daugherty is the author of more than 150 articles and publications. He also frequently speaks at universities and trade shows such as SXSW.In 2019, Daugherty wrote a book called Startup Success: Funding the Early Stages of Your Venture (ISBN 978-1632992451).He is also a contributing writer at Texas CEO Magazine.


== Selected publications ==
2004: MXM: SIP Support Delivering SIP–H.323 Convergence and CoExistence Using a Video PBX Architecture White Paper created for VCON Visual Communications.
2003: The Business Case for Manages Rich Media Conferencing Services, White Paper created for VCON Visual Communications.
2003: Traversing Firewalls with Video over IP: Issues and Solutions, White Paper created for VCON Visual Communications.
2002: Interactive Multicast technology: Changing the Rules of Enterprise Streaming Video, White Paper created for VCON Visual Communications.


== Selected lectures, talks, and workshops ==
Daugherty's lectures, talks, and workshops include the following:

2020: Austin Forum: “From Tech Idea to Technology Impact: Creating Successful Tech Companies That Matter”
2020: Dallas Startup Week: “Funding the Early Stage of Your Venture”
2019: Pflugerville Business Pfirst Conference: "Defense Innovation: A Commanding Presence"
2019: Governor's Small Business forum (Central Texas)
2019: Austin Startup Week
2019: SXSW
2019: University of Texas
2018: Austin Forum: “Investing in Texas from Coasts: A Discussion with Non Texas VCs Writing Checks in Texas”
2018: Austin Startup Week
2017: Austin Forum: “Founders Academy Essentials; From Seed to Series A”


== References ==


== External links ==
Official websiteRuth A. David (born 1953) is an American engineer. While at the CIA, David was responsible for encouraging the agency to pursue partnerships with the private sector and designed a proposal to procure technology at the stage of development from the private sector. She has been awarded the CIA Director's Award, the Defense Intelligence Agency Director's Award, the CIA Distinguished Intelligence Medal, the National Reconnaissance Officer's Award for Distinguished Service, and the National Security Agency Distinguished Service Medal.


== Early life ==
Ruth A. David was born on May 13, 1953, in Arkansas City, Kansas. After attaining a BS in electrical engineering from Wichita State University in 1975, she went on to earn a master's in 1976 and PhD in 1981 in electrical engineering from Stanford University.


== Career ==
David began her career in 1975 holding several positions at the Sandia National Laboratories in Albuquerque, New Mexico. She served as an adjunct professor at the University of New Mexico teaching adaptive and digital signal, digital and microprocessor system design, and linear least-squares estimation. In 1986, she was employed as the supervisor of the Data Systems Development Organization, responsible for developing a remote controlled digital system for deployment of underground nuclear tests at the Nevada Test Site. Three years later she transferred to the Federal Aviation Administration managing the Department of Non-Destructive Test, Electromagnetic Test and Optics program on aging aircraft.Between 1991 and 1994, David was Director of the Development Testing Center, supervising a broad spectrum of engineering test facilities. In 1995, she was appointed Deputy Director for Science and Technology of the Central Intelligence Agency and became responsible for advising the agency on science and technology. In this capacity, she proposed a radical new approach for the agency to deal with the swift growth in information with the internet revolution. Rather than procuring technology after it was developed, David and her deputy, Joanne Isham recognized and pushed for the agency to pursue partnerships within the private sector. As technology was advancing far faster than the government bureaucracy procurement program could secure new innovation, they proposed that technology be obtained at the stage of development from the private sector. She recommended utilizing technology to streamline processes and move away from simply collecting data toward a more analytical and leveraged position of disseminating and exploiting information.In 1998, when David left the CIA, she was awarded the CIA Director's Award, the Defense Intelligence Agency Director's Award, the CIA Distinguished Intelligence Medal, the National Reconnaissance Officer's Award for Distinguished Service, and the National Security Agency Distinguished Service Medal. That same year, David joined ANSER (formerly Analytic Services, Inc.) as its President and Chief Executive Officer. At ANSER, she provided analysis and research as a public service for national and transnational security issues. In 1999, she developed Homeland Defense Strategic Thrust to focus research into internal and external terrorist entities and hostile nations and expanded the department to the ANSER Institute of Homeland Security in 2001 to provide public awareness and education on national security.David was elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering in 2002 for pioneering the use of digital information technologies for testing, simulations, information processing, and telecommunications for high-capacity, high-reliability applications.
In 2010, David was inducted into the Women in Technology International Hall of Fame. She was appointed by President Obama as a member of the National Science Board and National Science Foundation in 2012. David retired from ANSER in 2015.


== References ==


=== Citations ===


=== Bibliography ===Susan B. Davidson CorrFRSE is an American computer scientist known for work in databases and bioinformatics. She is Weiss Professor of Computer and Information Science at University of Pennsylvania.  Her dissertation work on distributed databases included results on statistical and mathematical techniques for data resolution as well as mechanisms to avoid database conflicts.Davidson has also done research in bioinformatics, where her work (with collaborators) on data integration was commercialized by GeneticXChange. She also serves on the board of the Computing Research Association.


== Biography ==
In 1978 Davidson graduated with a B.A. in mathematics from Cornell University. She received M.S.E. and Master of Arts degrees in computer science from Princeton University in 1980 and a Ph.D. in computer science from Princeton University in 1982.
Davidson joined the faculty at the University of Pennsylvania as visiting assistant professor (1982), then took up the role of assistant professor (1983–1989), associate professor (1989–1998), and professor (1998–present) in the university's Department of Computer and Information Science. From 2008 to 2013, she was chair of the department. From 2000 to 2003, she also held a secondary appointment in the university's Genetics Department.


== Awards ==
In 2001 Davidson became a Fellow of the Association of Computing Machinery (ACM). She was elected a Corresponding Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh in 2015. She was named to the 2021 class of Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science.


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website Davidson's webpage at University of PennsylvaniaAlan Mark Davis is president and CEO of Offtoa, Inc. in Westminster, Colorado. He is a retired Professor of Business Strategy and Entrepreneurship in the College of Business at the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs and in the Executive MBA program at the University of Colorado at Denver.  Davis earned his master's degree in Computer Science under Donald B. Gillies at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 1973 and Ph.D. in Computer Science under Thomas R. Wilcox at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 1975.  He has held academic positions at George Mason University and the University of Tennessee. He has been a visiting faculty member at University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, the University of the Western Cape (South Africa), the University of Technology, Sydney (Australia), and the Technical University of Madrid (Spain). He was a Fulbright Specialist at the University of Jos (Nigeria) and Atma Jaya University, Yogyakarta (Indonesia).  He has held industry positions at GTE (a Director of R&D at GTE Communication Systems in Phoenix, Arizona; and Director of the Software Technology Center at GTE Laboratories in Waltham, Massachusetts), BTG (Vice President in Vienna, Virginia), and Omni-Vista (President in Colorado Springs, Colorado). He was Editor-in-Chief of IEEE Software from 1994 to 1998 and was an editor for the Journal of Systems and Software (1987-2010) and Communications of the ACM (1981-1991) and on the editorial board of the Requirements Engineering Journal (2005-2011). He was a Fulbright Senior Specialist from 2003 through 2007. He has been an IEEE Fellow since 1994 and an IEEE Life Fellow since 2015..


== Books ==
Davis has written the following books. In 2006, his 201 Principles of Software Development was voted by ACM members as one of the 20 classic computer science books:

Software Requirements: Analysis and Specification (Prentice Hall 1990), ISBN 0-13-824673-4.
Software Requirements: Objects, Functions and States (Prentice Hall, 1993), ISBN 0-13-805763-X.
201 Principles of Software Development (McGraw Hill, 1995), ISBN 0-07-015840-1.
Great Software Debates (Wiley and IEEE Computer Society Press, 2004), ISBN 0-471-67523-7.
Just Enough Requirements Management (Dorset House, 2004), ISBN 0-932633-64-1.
Will Your New Start Up Make Money (Scrub Oak Press, 2014), ISBN 0-996028-30-7.
Unusual Africa: Traveling on the Edge (Scrub Oak Press, 2016), ISBN 0-996028-33-1.
Unusual Asia: Traveling on the Edge (Scrub Oak Press, 2017), ISBN 0-996028-35-8.
Unusual Latin America (and Antarctica): Traveling on the Edge (Scrub Oak Press, 2017), ISBN 0-996028-37-4.


== External links ==
Al Davis's web pageJohn D. Day (from Kinmundy, Illinois, born 1947) is an electrical engineer, an Internet pioneer, and a historian. He has been involved in the development of the communication protocols of Internet and its predecessor ARPANET since the 1970s, and he was also active in the design of the OSI reference model. He has contributed in the research and development of network management systems, distributed databases, supercomputing, and operating systems.Day received his BSc degree in electrical engineering in 1970 and MSc degree in 1976 from the University of Illinois. 
From 1969 through 1978 he worked on the Illiac IV supercomputer project.
Day was adjunct professor at Worcester Polytechnic Institute in 2006 and is currently a lecturer in Computer Science at Boston University Metropolitan College.Day is the author of the 2008 book Patterns in Network Architecture: A Return to Fundamentals, which gave rise to Network IPC, later referred to as the Recursive InterNetwork Architecture (RINA), and the RFC documents RFC 520, RFC 728, RFC 731, and RFC 732. He has also published articles on the history of cartography, on topics such as Matteo Ricci's 16th–17th century maps.


== References ==


== External links ==
John Day Papers (CBI 165), Charles Babbage Institute, University of Minnesota.
Oral history interview with John Day, Charles Babbage Institute, University of Minnesota. Describes his computer science education at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, including vignettes of student life in the late 1960s and early 1970s and campus protests over work on the ILLIAC IV computer. A second portion of the interview gives highlights of his work on network standards-setting, including Open Systems Interconnection (OSI) model and American National Standards Institute (ANSI).Kenneth A De Jong  is an American computer scientist and professor at George Mason University. He is one of the pioneers in evolutionary computation.
Kenneth De Jong has been instrumental in unifying various evolutionary techniques like genetic algorithms, evolution strategies and evolutionary programming under one umbrella of evolutionary computation. He has been also instrumental in the research subfield of co-evolution in evolutionary computation, cooperative coevolution.


== References ==


=== Sources ===
Kenneth De Jong:[1] ISBN 0-262-04194-4 ISBN 978-0-262-04194-2Valeria Correa Vaz de Paiva is a Brazilian mathematician, logician, and computer scientist.
Her work includes research on logical approaches to computation, especially using category theory, 
knowledge representation and natural language semantics, and functional programming with a focus on foundations and type theories.


== Education ==
De Paiva earned a bachelor's degree in mathematics in 1982, a master's degree in 1984 (on pure algebra) and completed a doctorate at the University of Cambridge in 1988, under the supervision of Martin Hyland. Her thesis introduced Dialectica spaces, a categorical way of constructing  models of linear logic.


== Career and research ==
She worked for nine years at PARC in Palo Alto, California, and also worked at Rearden Commerce and Cuil before joining Nuance. She is an honorary research fellow in computer science at the University of Birmingham. She is currently on the Council of the Division for Logic, Methodology and Philosophy of Science and Technology of the International Union of History and Philosophy of Science and Technology (2020-2023).


=== Selected publications ===
Term Assignment for Intuitionistic Linear Logic. (with Benton, Bierman and Hyland). Technical Report 262, University of Cambridge Computer Laboratory. August 1992.
Lineales. (with J.M.E. Hyland) In "O que nos faz pensar" Special number in Logic of "Cadernos do Dept. de Filosofia da PUC", Pontificial Catholic University of Rio de Janeiro, Abril 1991.
A Dialectica-like Model of Linear Logic. In Proceedings of Category Theory and Computer Science, Manchester, UK, September 1989. Springer-Verlag LNCS 389 (eds. D. Pitt, D. Rydeheard, P. Dybjer, A. Pitts and A. Poigne).
The Dialectica Categories. In Proc of Categories in Computer Science and Logic, Boulder, CO, 1987. Contemporary Mathematics, vol 92, American Mathematical Society, 1989 (eds. J. Gray and A. Scedrov)


== References ==Carole De Saram (born February 27, 1939) is an American feminist and women's rights activist. She is the former president of the New York chapter of the National Organization for Women (NOW). She was an advocate for women's equality through intersectionality with economics.


== Early life and education ==
De Saram was born on February 27, 1939 in Queens, New York. She attended Grover Cleveland High School in Queens. In a high school music class, De Saram was given a French horn, despite no former formal music training; after intensive training, she auditioned for the All City Orchestra and made second horn, playing a French horn solo at Carnegie Hall.She earned a Bachelor of Arts in Political Science and Economics from Columbia University.


== Career ==


=== Wall Street ===
After earning her bachelor's degree, De Saram moved to Tribeca to work as a computer analyst at Chemical Bank, and was later appointed as the bank's Assistant Vice President


=== Women's movement ===
De Saram's first protest occurred in 1964, when she sent a full-page letter to Procter & Gamble stating disapproval of an advertisement for Tide and that she would try another brand. In response, she received a full-page letter reply and the company pulled the ad.While working on Wall Street, a coworker informed De Saram of a National Organization for Women (NOW) meeting in New York. The meeting, De Saram's first, took place in 1970 in the basement of a church as no other place would rent to the women. As a result, she participated in a march down Fifth Avenue in 1970 for women's rights. As she got more involved, De Saram focused on ending credit discrimination against women on the basis of their marital status.In 1971, De Saram and other members of NOW New York engaged in a zap action when they snuck into the American Stock Exchange, under the guise of a garden club. Once admitted, she and her protest partners held up a banner reading "Woman Power," where each letter matched the size of the balcony windows. They yelled "We can't bear any more bull!" The Stock Exchange essentially shut down, as the brokers stopped their work to boo the protestors. De Saram and her protest partners had previously arranged for a van to drive around Wall Street calling out "Women have taken over Wall Street!" As the protesters left the Stock Exchanged, they marched to the Treasury steps. As a result, many gathered to see the protestors.She also caused the closure of a Citibank branch by encouraging women to close accounts with them. Upon seeing this, the bank president shut the doors and made all women line up in order to close accounts. De Saram and female protestors held banners outside the bank which was caught on film and used in a movie. As a result of NOW's pressure, Citibank changed their terminology around women and actively campaigned directly to women.In 1974, De Saram was elected president of the New York chapter of NOW and called a hearing for the New York State Human Rights Commission regarding the practice of firing pregnant women and denying them benefits. De Saram served two terms as president of the New York NOW chapter.Also in 1974, De Saram testified before the Congressional Banking Commission about discrimination in credit against women. At that time,  the US Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) required couples with two incomes to prove that the woman had been sterilized. One year later, in 1975, this requirement was banned by federal legislation.De Saram took on the State Human Rights Commission in 1974 over providing unemployment benefits to pregnant women; her activism ended the practice. She later served on the New York State Human Rights Commission Advisory Council. In that same year she participated with the National Council of Churches on stockholder actions against unfair hiring practices at corporations.In 1975, De Saram came up with the idea for a Women's Bank and was also a member of the Advisory Board of Directors and worked with a group of women to form a Feminist Credit Union.De Saram eventually left the bank in 1981 to serve in Mayor Ed Koch's administration as New York City's Commissioner of the Treasury.In 2009, De Saram resigned as chairperson of Community Board 1's Tribeca Committee but remained on the board. De Saram helped form the Tribeca Community Association (for which she also served as vice president) as well as the Committee for the Washington Market Historic District.


== Personal life ==
De Saram is married to Raymond Erickson, a musician and scholar.  She has two children, Lisa and Douglas.


== References ==


== External links ==
BBC documentary
Carole De Saram papers at the Sophia Smith Collection, Smith College Special Collections
Carole De Saram papers at the New-York Historical Society Museum & Library
Carole De Saram Oral History at The New York Preservation Archive ProjectGustavo de Veciana is an American computer scientist and engineer, who is currently a Cullen Trust for Higher Education Endowed Professor at the University of Texas at Austin. He is a 1993 Ph.D. graduate of the University of California at Berkeley. He has taught undergraduate and graduate courses in telecommunication networks, probability and random processes, analysis and design of communication networks, digital communications, and information theory. His research focuses on the analysis and design of communication and computing networks, data-driven decision-making in man-machine systems, and applied probability and queueing theory. In 2009, he was designated a Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers for his contributions to the analysis and design of communication networks.


== References ==Jeffrey Adgate "Jeff" Dean (born July 23, 1968) is an American computer scientist and software engineer. He is currently the lead of Google AI, Google's AI division.


== Education ==
Dean received a B.S., summa cum laude, from the University of Minnesota in Computer Science & Economics in 1990. He received a Ph.D. in Computer Science from the University of Washington, working under Craig Chambers on compilers and whole-program optimization techniques for object-oriented programming languages in 1996. He was elected to the National Academy of Engineering in 2009, which recognized his work on "the science and engineering of large-scale distributed computer systems."


== Career ==
Before joining Google, Dean worked at DEC/Compaq's Western Research Laboratory, where he worked on profiling tools, microprocessor architecture, and information retrieval. Much of his work was completed in close collaboration with Sanjay Ghemawat.Prior to graduate school, he worked at the World Health Organization's Global Programme on AIDS, developing software for statistical modeling and forecasting of the HIV/AIDS pandemic.Dean joined Google in mid-1999, and is currently the head of its Artificial Intelligence division. While at Google, he designed and implemented large portions of the company's advertising, crawling, indexing and query serving systems, along with various pieces of the distributed computing infrastructure that underlies most of Google's products. At various times, he has also worked on improving search quality, statistical machine translation, and various internal software development tools and has had significant involvement in the engineering hiring process.
The projects Dean has worked on include:

Spanner, a scalable, multi-version, globally distributed, and synchronously replicated database
Some of the production system design and statistical machine translation system for Google Translate
BigTable, a large-scale semi-structured storage system
MapReduce, a system for large-scale data processing applications
LevelDB, an open-source on-disk key-value store
DistBelief, a proprietary machine-learning system for deep neural networks that was eventually refactored into TensorFlow
TensorFlow, an open-source machine-learning software libraryHe was an early member of Google Brain,  a team that studies large-scale artificial neural networks, and he has headed Artificial Intelligence efforts since they were split from Google Search.Dean was the subject of controversy when ethics in AI researcher Timnit Gebru challenged Google's research review process, ultimately leading to her departure from the company. Dean responded by publishing a letter on Google's approach to the research process that was the subject of further criticism and controversy.


== Philanthropy ==
Dean and his wife, Heidi Hopper, started the Hopper-Dean Foundation and began making philanthropic grants in 2011. In 2016, the foundation gave $2 million each to UC Berkeley, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, University of Washington, Stanford University, and Carnegie Mellon University to support programs that promote diversity in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM).


== Personal life ==
Dean is married and has two daughters.


== Awards and honors ==
Elected to the National Academy of Engineering (2009)
Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery (2009)
ACM-Infosys Foundation Award (2012)
ACM SIGOPS Mark Weiser Award (2007)
Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences (2016)He is widely credited within the Google corporation and in the general field of Computer science for his numerous contributions to the field.


== Books ==
Dean was interviewed for the 2018 book Architects of Intelligence: The Truth About AI from the People Building it by the American futurist Martin Ford.


== Major publications ==
Jeffrey Dean and Sanjay Ghemawat. 2004. MapReduce: Simplified Data Processing on Large Clusters. OSDI'04: Sixth Symposium on Operating System Design and Implementation (December 2004)
Fay Chang, Jeff Dean, Sanjay Ghemawat, Wilson C. Hsieh, Deborah A. Wallach, Mike Burrows, Tushar Chandra, Andrew Fikes, and Robert E. Gruber. 2006. Bigtable: A Distributed Storage System for Structured Data. OSDI'06: 7th Symposium on Operating System Design and Implementation (October 2006)


== See also ==
Sanjay Ghemawat
MapReduce
TensorFlow


== References ==


== External links ==
Jeff Dean's Google home and publication pageMark E. Dean (born March 2, 1957) is an American inventor and computer engineer. He developed the ISA bus, and he led a design team for making a one-gigahertz computer processor chip. He holds three of nine PC patents for being the co-creator of the IBM personal computer released in 1981. In 1995, Dean was named the first ever African-American IBM Fellow.Dean was elected as a member into the National Academy of Engineering in 2001 for innovative and pioneering contributions to personal computer development.
In August 2011, writing in his blog, Dean stated that he now uses a tablet computer instead of a PC.


== Early life ==
Dean was born in Jefferson City, Tennessee. Dean displayed an affinity for technology and invention at a young age. When Mark was young, he and his dad constructed a tractor from scratch. Dean attended Jefferson City High School in Tennessee, where he excelled in both academics and athletics.


== Recognition ==
Dean is the first African-American to become an IBM Fellow, which is the highest level of technical excellence at the company. In 1997, he was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame. He was elected to the National Academy of Engineering in 2001.


== Career ==
Dean was the interim dean of the UT's Tickle College of Engineering from August 2018 to July 2019 and is the John Fisher Distinguished Professor in the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at the University of Tennessee. He was previously CTO for IBM Middle East and Africa and was an IBM Vice President overseeing the company's Almaden Research Center in San Jose, California prior to that. Dean now holds more than 20 patents. Dean was part of the team that developed the industry standard architecture (ISA) systems bus that enables multiple devices, such as modems and printers, to be connected to personal computers.
As of April 26, 2019, April 25 is now officially Mark Dean Day in Knox County, Tennessee.


== References ==


== External links ==
Brown, Alan S. (Spring 2015). "Mark E. Dean: From PCs to Gigahertz Chips" (PDF). The Best of Tau Beta Pi. Tau Beta Pi.Thomas L. Dean (born 1950) is an American computer scientist known for his work in robot planning, probabilistic graphical models, and computational neuroscience. He was one of the first to introduce ideas from operations research and control theory to artificial intelligence. In particular, he introduced the idea of the anytime algorithm and was the first to apply the factored Markov decision process to robotics.  
He has authored several influential textbooks on artificial intelligence. 
He was a professor at Brown University from 1993 to 2007, holding roles including department chair, acting vice president for computing and information services, and deputy provost. In 2006 he started working at Google, where he was instrumental in helping the Google Brain project get its start. He is currently an emeritus professor at Brown and a lecturer and research fellow at Stanford.


== Academic and Scientific Contribution ==


=== Artificial Intelligence ===


==== Control ====
Dean and Wellman's book Planning and Control  provided a much-needed bridge between research in AI on discrete-time symbolic methods for goal directed planning and decision making and continous-time control theoretic methods for robotics and industrial control systems. Basic control concepts including "observability", "stability", and "optimality" are introduced, and many of the most important theoretical results are presented and explained. In a book review in the Artificial Intelligence Journal, James Hendler wrote that the book serves as a 'Rosetta Stone' for translation between the fields of robotics and AI.


==== Anytime Algorithms ====
The term anytime algorithm was coined by Dean and Boddy in the late '80s. The focus of Dean and Boddy's work in this area has been on deliberation scheduling applied to time-dependent planning problems. Deliberation scheduling is the explicit allocation of resources to tasks (in most cases anytime algorithms) so as to maximize the total value of an agent's computation. Time-dependent planning problems are defined to be planning problems where the time available for responding to events varies from situation to situation. In addition to defining the basic concepts, Dean and Boddy provided theoretical analyses and applications in robotics and operations research 
.


==== Markov Processes ====
Dean played a leading role in the adoption of the framework of Markov decision processes (MDPs) as a foundational tool in artificial intelligence. In particular, he pioneered the use of AI representations and algorithms for || factoring || complex models and problems into weakly-interacting subparts to improve computational efficiency.  His work in state estimation emphasized temporal causal reasoning  and the integration with probabilistic graphical models 
. His work in control includes state-space partitioning 
, hierarchical methods 
, and model minimization 
. This line of work is clearly summarized by a highly influential paper jointly written with Craig Boutilier and Steve Hanks.


==== AI Textbook ====
Working with his collaborators, James Allen and Yiannis Aloimonos specializing in repectively computer vision and natural language processing, Dean wrote one of the first modern AI textbooks incorporating probability theory, machine learning and robotics, and placing traditional AI topics such as symbolic reasoning and knowledge representation using the predicate calculus within a broader context. The first and only edition published in December 1994 initially competed with the first edition of Russell and Norvig's Artificial Intelligence: A Modern Approach that came out in 1995, but was eclipsed by the second edition of the Russell and Norvig text released in 2003.


==== Robotics ====
As co-chair of the 1991 AAAI Conference Dean organized a press event featuring mobile robots carrying trays of canapés and barely avoiding the participants. The coverage on the evening news was enthusiastically positive and in 1992, Dean and Peter Bonasso, with feedback from the robotics community, created the AAAI Robotics Competition featuring events aimed at showing off robots competing in events that involved performing tasks in the home, office, and disaster sites 
. The competition was still being held in 2010.


=== Computational Neuroscience ===


==== Stanford Course ====
After starting as a research scientist at Google, Dean was appointed as a consulting professor at Stanford and began teaching a course with the title Computational Models of the Neocortex. During the next fifteen years he invited top neuroscientists from all over the world to give talks and advise students working on class projects. Several of the classes resulted in papers coauthored by students that led to research projects at Google 
.


==== Neuromancer Project ====
In an effort to create a team focusing on scalable computational neuroscience, Dean and his students at Stanford to produced a white paper entitled Technology Prospects and Investment Opportunities for Scalable Neuroscience  that served as the basis for building a team of software engineers and computational neuroscientists focusing on connectomics. Early on, Dean worked with Christof Koch the chief scientist at the Allen Institute for Brain Neuroscience to develop a partnership, and hired Viren Jain from HHMI to serve as the technical lead for the project.
Dean and Jain expanded the team to more than ten software engineers and participated in the planning of the NIH Brain Initiative. As their computer vision and machine learning tools improved, the team sought out and developed additional partnerships with Gerry Rubin at HHMI Janelia Campus, Jeff Lichtman at Harvard, and Winfried Denk at the Max Planck Institute of Neurobiology. Each of these collaborations would lead to high-accuracy, dense reconstructions of neural tissue samples in different organisms, repeatedly surpassing the current state of the art in size and quality 
.  Viren Jain is currently the project manager and lead scientist for the ongoing effort at Google.  The resulting data on brain connectivity, including the 'hemibrain' connectome, a highly detailed map of neuronal connectivity in the fly brain
 and the 'H01' dataset, a 1.4 petabyte rendering of a small sample of human brain tissue
, was publicly released.


==== Google Brain ====
Dean led some of the earliest investigations into the use of neural networks at Google, that directly led to the creation of the Google Brain project. He experimented with approaches for using hardware acceleration to overcome current performance limitations in building industrial-scale web services, and collaborated with Dean Gaudet on the Google Infrastructure and Platforms Team to make the case for introducing graphic processing units (GPU) in Google data centers. He worked closely with Vincent Vanhoucke, who led the perception research and speech recognition quality team, to demonstrate the value of GPUs for training and deploying deep neural network architectures in the cloud focusing on speech recognition for Google Search by Voice.


== Administrative and Professional Services ==


=== University Administration ===
Dean served as the Deputy Provost of Brown University from 2003 to 2005, as the chair of Brown's Computer Science Department from 1997 until 2002, and as the Acting Vice President for Computing and Information Services from 2001 until 2002. As Deputy Provost he helped develop and launch new multidisciplinary programs in genomics and the brain sciences as well as oversee substantial changes in the medical school and university libraries.


=== Professional Leadership ===
Dean was named a fellow of AAAI in 1994 and an ACM fellow in 2009. He has served on the Executive Council of AAAI and the Computing Research Association Board of Directors. He was a recipient of an NSF Presidential Young Investigator Award in 1989. He served as program co-chair for the 1991 National Conference on Artificial Intelligence and the program chair for the 1999 International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence held in Stockholm. He was a founding member of the Academic Alliance of the National Center for Women and Information Technology and a former member of the IJCAI Inc. Board of Trustees.


== References ==


== External links ==
Thomas Dean publications indexed by Google ScholarRina Dechter is a distinguished professor of computer science in the Donald Bren School of Information and Computer Sciences at University of California, Irvine. Her research is on automated reasoning in artificial intelligence focusing on probabilistic and constraint-based reasoning. In 2013, she was elected a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery.


== Education ==
Dechter received her B.S in Mathematics and Statistics from Hebrew University in 1973, her M.S. in Applied Mathematics from the Weizmann Institute in 1976, and her Ph.D. in Computer Science from the University of California, Los Angeles in 1985 as a student of Judea Pearl.


== Academic career and research ==
Dechter was a senior lecturer in computer science at the Technion from 1988 to 1990, after which she moved to the University of California, Irvine, where she became a full professor in 1996. She was a Radcliffe Fellow at Harvard University's Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study from 2005 to 2006. From 2011 to 2018 she was the co-editor in chief of the scientific journal Artificial Intelligence,.Dechter wrote a standard text in constraint programming called Constraint Processing published by Morgan Kaufmann Publishers in 2003. It was reviewed as a valuable graduate-level resource or reference work. She also co-edited a festschrift dedicated to her Ph.D. advisor Judea Pearl and his influence in the field of causal modeling and probabilistic reasoning, titled Heuristics, Probability, and Causality.Dechter was the first to use the phrase deep learning, in a 1986 paper.


== Awards and honors ==
Dechter received a Presidential Young Investigator Award from the United States National Science Foundation in 1991, became a fellow of the American Association of Artificial Intelligence in 1994, and received an award for research excellence from the Association of Constraint Programming in 2007. In 2013, she was elected a fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery, cited "for contributions to the algorithmic foundations of automated reasoning with constraint-based and probabilistic information."


== References ==


== External links ==
Home page
Rina Dechter publications indexed by Google ScholarEwa Deelman is a Research Professor of computer science at the University of Southern California, Information Sciences Institute. She is a principal investigator (PI) of the Pegasus Software Project, which designs and implements workflow mapping techniques for large-scale applications running in distributed environments. Deelman is a Research Director of Science Automation Technologies and a Principal Scientist at the University of Southern California, Information Sciences Institute. She is an AAAS Fellow and IEEE Fellow.


== Education ==
Deelman attended Wells College where she obtained her B.A. in mathematics in 1987. She received her M.S. in computer science at State University of New York at New Paltz in 1991, and later went on to earn her Ph.D. in computer science at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in 1997. Her Ph.D. dissertation was titled, Performance Optimization of Parallel Discrete Event Simulation of Spatially Explicit Problems, and was supervised by Bolesław Szymański.


== Research ==
Her current research interests include scientific workflow systems, cloud computing, resource management, with particular emphasis on scientific workflow system management. She applies advances in knowledge technologies for management of large amounts of data and metadata.


== References ==Michael Frank Deering (born  1956) is a computer scientist, a former chief engineer for Sun Microsystems in Mountain View, California, and a widely recognized expert on artificial intelligence, computer vision, 3D graphics hardware/software, very-large-scale integration (VLSI) design and virtual reality. Deering oversaw Sun's 3D graphics technical strategy as the chief hardware graphics architect and is a co-architect of the Java 3D API, developing Java platform software. He is the inventor of deferred shading, inventor of Geometry compression, co-inventor of 3D-RAM, and the chief architect for a number of Sun's 3D graphics hardware accelerators. Many of his inventions have been patented. 
Deering's research endeavors have included development of correct perspective viewing equations, correcting for the optics of both human eyeballs and glass cathode ray tubes, predictive head trackers and other virtual reality interface hardware.
Deering has published articles on computer graphics architectures, virtual reality systems, and 3D interface technologies.


== Education and early career ==
In 1978, Deering received his bachelor's degree, and in 1981 his PhD, in computer science from the University of California, Berkeley, and is an alumnus of the Berkeley Artificial Intelligence Research (BAIR) Computer Science Division, UC Berkeley.
Prior to his tenure with Sun, Deering worked for Schlumberger Laboratories in Palo Alto, California, engaged in graphics and imaging research.


== Published works ==
2002 'The SAGE graphics architecture', Michael Deering, David Naegle, ACM Transactions on Graphics, Proceedings of the 29th annual conference on Computer graphics and interactive techniques SIGGRAPH '02, volume 21, no 3, ACM Press
2000 The Java 3d API Specification with Cdrom, Henry Sowizral, Kevin Rushforth, Michael Deering, Addison-Wesley Longman Publishing Co.
1998 "Introduction to Programming with Java 3D", Henry Sowizral, Dave Nadeau, Michael Deering, Mike Bailey, Proceedings of the 25th annual conference on Computer graphics and interactive techniques, SIGGRAPH '98, ACM Press
1995 "Geometry compression", Michael Deering, Proceedings of the 22nd annual conference on Computer graphics and interactive techniques, SIGGRAPH '95, vol 29, p 13-20, ACM Press, ISBN 0-89791-701-4
1992 "High resolution virtual reality", Michael Deering, Proceedings of the 19th annual conference on Computer graphics and interactive techniques SIGGRAPH '92, vol 26, no 2, p 195-202, ACM Press
1988 "The triangle processor and normal vector shader: a VLSI system for high performance graphics", Michael Deering, Stephanie Winner, Bic Schediwy, Chris Duffy, Neil Hunt, Proceedings of the 15th annual conference on Computer graphics and interactive techniques, SIGGRAPH '88, vol 22, no 4, p 21-30, ACM Press
1986 Database Support for Storage of AI Reasoning Knowledge. In Expert Database Systems, M. Deering, J. Faletti, Benjamin Cummings (publisher)


== External links ==
MichaelFrankDeering.com - Michael Deering homepage
Berkeley.edu - 'CS 294-4: Intelligent DRAM (IRAM) Lecture 4: 3DRAM (renamed FB RAM)', Michael Deering (January 24, 1996)
[1] - Geometry Compression - Sam Liang
PSU.edu - Geometry Compression, Michael Deering, Pennsylvania State University
Stanford.edu - 'Program in Human-Computer Interaction', Stanford University, (October 21, 1994)
Sun.com - 'The Java 3D API Specification', Henry Sowizral, Kevin Rushforth, Michael Deering
UMich.edu - 'Revival of the Virtual Lathe', University of Michigan Virtual Reality LaboratoryTobias "Tobi" Delbrück (often written Delbruck) (born 1960, Pasadena, California) is an American neuromorphic engineer at the University of Zurich and ETH Zurich, Switzerland. He was named Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) in 2014 "for contributions to neuromorphic visual sensors and processing".


== Family and education ==
Tobi is the son of Mary Adeline Bruce and Max Delbrück, the 1969 Nobel laureate in Physiology or Medicine. Delbrück has a Bachelor's degree in physics and applied mathematics from the University of California, San Diego and obtained a PhD in computation and neural systems at Caltech in 1993 under the guidance of Carver Mead.


== References ==Andrea Delgado-Olson is a computer scientist, founder of Native American Women in Computing (NAWiC), and a member of the Ione Band of Miwok Indians. She is the chief operating officer of technology startup ZaaWink.


== Early life ==
Delgado-Olson grew up in Orinda, California, near Oakland, and is the daughter of a financial business manager and the Director of the San Francisco Bay Area field office for the Office of Special Counsel. She looked up to her mother, who served a role model to her as an attorney in a male-dominated field. Beginning her education at a community college, Delgado-Olson got her teaching certificate and taught preschool for 15 years. After going on to complete her bachelor's degree she continued at Mills College to obtain her master's degree in computer science.


== Career and impact ==
Delgado-Olson founded Native American Women in Computing (NAWiC) in 2014, a community supporting indigenous women in tech. She is currently the Program Manager for Systers and GHC Communities at Anita B.org, an online community for women in computing.


== References ==James Weldon Demmel Jr. (born October 19, 1955) is an American mathematician and computer scientist, the Dr. Richard Carl Dehmel Distinguished Professor of Mathematics and Computer Science at the University of California, Berkeley.In 1999, Demmel was elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering for contributions to numerical linear algebra and scientific computing. 


== Biography ==
Born in Pittsburgh, Demmel did his undergraduate studies at the California Institute of Technology, graduating in 1975 with a B.S. in mathematics. He earned his Ph.D. in computer science in 1983 from UC Berkeley, under the supervision of William Kahan; his dissertation was entitled A Numerical Analyst's Jordan Canonical Form. After holding a faculty position at New York University for six years, he moved to Berkeley in 1990.


== Academic Works ==
Demmel is known for his work on LAPACK, a software library for numerical linear algebra and more generally for research in numerical algorithms combining mathematical rigor with high performance implementation. Prometheus, a parallel multigrid finite element solver written by Demmel, Mark Adams, and Robert Taylor, won the Carl Benz Award at Supercomputing 1999 and the Gordon Bell Prize for Adams and his coworkers at Supercomputing 2004.


== Honors and awards ==
Demmel was elected as a member of the National Academy of Engineering in 1999, a fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery in 1999, a fellow of the IEEE in 2001, a fellow of SIAM in 2009, and a member of the United States National Academy of Sciences in 2011. Demmel was one of two scientists honored in 1986 with the Leslie Fox Prize for Numerical Analysis. In 1993, Demmel won the J.H. Wilkinson Prize in Numerical Analysis and Scientific Computing, and in 2010, he was the winner of the IEEE's Sidney Fernbach Award "for computational science leadership in creating adaptive, innovative, high-performance linear algebra software". In 2012 he became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society. He received the IEEE Computer Society Charles Babbage Award in 2013.


== Personal life ==
Demmel is married to Katherine Yelick, who is also an ACM Fellow and professor of electrical engineering and computer science at UC Berkeley, and Associate Lab Director for Computing Sciences at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory.


== References ==


== External links ==
Home page at UC BerkeleyDorothy Elizabeth Denning, born August 12, 1945, is a US-American information security researcher known for lattice-based access control (LBAC), intrusion detection systems (IDS), and other cyber security innovations. She published four books and over 200 articles. Inducted into the National Cyber Security Hall of Fame in 2012, she is now Emeritus Distinguished Professor of Defense Analysis, Naval Postgraduate School.


== Early life ==
Dorothy Elizabeth Robling, daughter of C. Lowell and Helen Watson Robling, grew up in Grand Rapids, Michigan.  She earned a mathematics B.A. (1967) and M.A. (1969) at the University of Michigan. While working on her Ph.D. in computer science at Purdue University, she married Prof. Peter J. Denning in 1974. Her thesis on "Secure Information Flow in Computer Systems" secured her doctorate in 1975.


== Career ==
Dr. Dorothy Denning began her academic career at Purdue University as assistant professor from 1975 to 1981. While associate professor at Purdue (1981-1983), she wrote her first book, Cryptography and Data Security in 1982. She joined SRI International as computer scientist from 1983 to 1987, working on the first intrusion detection system and on database security. After a stint as principal software engineer at Digital Equipment Corporation's Palo Alto Systems Research Center (1987-1991), she returned to academe as chair of the Computer Science Department at Georgetown University. She later became Georgetown's Patricia and Patrick Callahan Family Professor of Computer Science and director of the Georgetown Institute of Information Assurance. In 2002 Dorothy Denning became professor in the Department of Defense Analysis at the Naval Postgraduate School, Monterey, California, then distinguished professor in 2009, retiring as emeritus distinguished professor at the end of 2016.
Throughout her career, Denning anticipated and addressed the cyber security issues of the day. She was the first president of the International Association for Cryptologic Research (1983-1986).  With husband Peter in 1997 she edited Internet Besieged: Countering Cyberspace Scofflaws, a comprehensive collection of essays on cyber security. In 1998 she wrote Information Warfare and Security. She testified multiple times before various congressional subcommittees studying technology, infrastructure, intellectual property, and cyberterrorism. Her innovations won awards, and her opinions stirred up controversy. A full list of publications is available on her full vita at the Naval Postgraduate School website.


== Innovations ==
Denning has received over 20 awards for her innovations in computer security. Key contributions are described below.
"A Lattice Model of Secure Information Flow" presented in 1975 provided a method for controlling access to data which is still used today.
Detecting intruders is key to protecting computer systems. While at SRI International Dorothy Denning and Peter G. Neumann developed an intrusion detection system (IDS) model using statistics for anomaly detection that is still the basis for intrusion detection systems today. SRI's Intrusion Detection Expert System (IDES) ran on Sun workstations and considered both user and network level data. It combined a rule-based Expert System to detect known types of intrusions with a statistical anomaly-detection component based on profiles of users, host systems, and target systems. (An artificial neural network was proposed as a third component; All three components would then report to a resolver). SRI followed IDES in 1993 with the Next-generation Intrusion Detection Expert System (NIDES). The Multics Intrusion Detection and Alerting System (MIDAS), which protected NSA's Dockmaster System from 1998–2001, is an example of a fielded expert-system-based IDS.Denning improved data security via encryption technology. She introduced timestamps in key distribution protocols, cryptographic checksums for multilevel database security, and a method for improving the security of digital signatures with RSA and other public key crypto systems. She considered key escrow systems, Internet crime and hacking. Her book Cryptography and Data Security became an ACM Classic, introducing cryptography to many.
In database security, Denning found ways to reduce inference threats in multilevel databases. She reported on the problems of working with data across different classification levels.With L. Scott, Denning wrote two papers on using Global Positioning Systems for geo-encryption to enhance data security.Although she remained a technical expert, Denning's interests evolved to consider legal, ethical, and social issues. She addressed wiretapping, the growth of the Internet, cyber terrorism and cyber warfare. Her most recent papers focused on current cyber threats and defenses.


== Controversy ==
Denning interviewed hackers for her research on hacking and "hactivism". She was criticized when she found positive things to say about their actions and wrote a 1995 postscript.
Denning was widely criticized for her role in NSA's controversial Clipper chip initiative to give the government authorized access to encrypted private communications through a key escrow system. At the government's request Denning privately reviewed the classified Skipjack block cipher, and testified in Congress that general publication of the algorithm would enable someone to build a hardware or software product that used SKIPJACK without escrowing keys.  In public forums, such as the Usenet forum comp.risks, she defended the Clipper chip and other approaches to key escrow that offered strong security while enabling law enforcement to decrypt without a warrant. However, she did not advocate making key escrow mandatory. Eventually, Clipper was dropped and Skipjack was declassified and published.
Denning served as an expert witness in the 1990 trial of United States v. Riggs.  Her testimony helped lead the government to drop charges against defendant Craig Neidorf, who had taken an electronic 911 directory across state lines.
In 1992, Denning challenged the existing national standard for evaluating trusted systems (TCSEC), noting that "By the time a system is evaluated it is obsolete." She maintained that "trust is not a property but an assessment" by the real world market. This was not the only criticism, and the TCSEC has since been replaced.
Lack of product liability for software is a contentious topic. When Denning proposed software vendors accept liability for errors in their products, industry pushed back. Steve Lipner, charged with software security at Microsoft, argued that companies with deep pockets like Microsoft would be sued to death, even if they proved repeatedly that they followed the best secure software development practices.  A few large vendors, such as Volvo, have announced plans to accept both hardware and software liability in their future autonomous cars when national product liability standards are established.


== Key awards ==
In 1995 Denning was named a fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery.
The 1999 National Computer Systems Security Award recognized her "outstanding contributions to the field of computer security".
Time magazine named her a security innovator in 2001.
The 2001 Augusta Ada Lovelace Award from the Association for Women in Computing acknowledged "her outstanding in computer security and cryptography as well as her extraordinary contributions to national policy debates on cyber terrorism and information warfare".
The 2004 Harold F. Tipton Award recognized "Sustained excellence throughout [her] outstanding information security career".
In 2008 ACM's special interest group on security, audit and control (ACM SIGSAC) bestowed their Outstanding Innovator Award upon Dr. Denning.
She was named a fellow of the International Information Security Certification Consortium (ISC2).
In 2010 she was named a distinguished fellow of the Information Systems Security Association (ISSA).
In 2012 she was among the first inductees into the National Cyber Security Hall of Fame.


== Other honors ==
New Jersey City University named its new security center the Dr. Dorothy E. Denning Center of Academic Excellence in Information Assurance Education.


== Bibliography ==


== Notes ==


== External links ==Peter James Denning (born January 6, 1942) is an American computer scientist and writer. He is best known for pioneering work in virtual memory, especially for inventing the working-set model for program behavior, which addressed thrashing in operating systems and became the reference standard for all memory management policies.  He is also known for his works on principles of operating systems, operational analysis of queueing network systems, design and implementation of CSNET, the ACM digital library, codifying the great principles of computing, and most recently for the book The Innovator's Way, on innovation as a set of learnable practices.


== Education and early life ==
Denning was born January 6, 1942, in Queens, NY, and raised in Darien, CT.  He took an early interest in science, pursuing astronomy, botany, radio, and electronics while in grade school.  At Fairfield Prep, he submitted home designed computers to the science fair in 1958, 1959, and 1960.  The second computer, which solved linear equations using pinball machine parts, won the grand prize. He attended Manhattan College for a Bachelor in EE (1964) and then MIT for a PhD (1968).  At MIT he was part of Project MAC and contributed to the design of Multics.  His PhD thesis, "Resource allocation in multiprocess computer systems", introduced seminal ideas in working sets, locality, thrashing, and system balance.


== Career and research ==
At Princeton University from 1968 to 1972, he wrote his classic book, Operating Systems Principles, with E G Coffman.  He collaborated with Alfred Aho and Jeffrey Ullman on optimality proofs for paging algorithms and on a simple proof that compilers based on precedence parsing do not need to backtrack. At Purdue University (1972–1983) he supervised numerous PhD theses validating locality-based theories of memory management and extending the new mathematics of operational analysis of queueing networks.  He co-founded CSNET.  He became department head in 1979 and completed another book on computational models, Machines, Languages, and Computation, with Jack Dennis and Joe Qualitz.
At NASA Ames from 1983 to 1991 he founded the Research Institute for Advanced Computer Science (RIACS) and turned it into one of the first centers for interdisciplinary research in computational and space science.
At George Mason University from 1991 to 2002 he headed the Computer Science Department, was an associate dean and vice provost, and founded the Center for the New Engineer.  The Center was a pioneer in web-based learning. He created a design course for engineers, called Sense 21, which was the basis of his project to understand innovation as a skill.  He created a course on Core of Information, Technology the basis his Great Principles of Computing  project.At Naval Postgraduate School since 2002 he heads the Computer Science Department, directs the Cebrowski Institute for Innovation and Information Superiority.  He chaired the faculty council.
Denning served continuously as a volunteer in Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) since 1967. In that time he served as president, vice president, three board chairs, Member-at-Large, Editor of ACM Computing Surveys, and Editor of the monthly ACM Communications.  He received seven ACM awards for service, technical contribution, and education.  ACM presented him with a special award in June 2007 recognizing 40 years of continuous service.
Denning has received 26 awards for service and technical contributions.  These include one quality customer service award, three professional society fellowships, three honorary degrees, six awards for technical contribution, six for distinguished service, and seven for education.Denning's career has been a search for fundamental principles in subfields of computing. He writes prolifically. From 1980 to 1982 he wrote 24 columns as ACM President, focusing on technical and political issues of the field.  From 1985 to 1993 he wrote 47 columns on "The Science of Computing" for 
American Scientist magazine, focusing on scientific principles from across the field. Beginning in 2001 he has written quarterly "IT Profession" columns for Communications of the ACM, focusing on principles of value to practicing professionals.


=== Virtual memory ===
In 1970 he published a classic paper that displayed a scientific framework for virtual memory and the validating scientific evidence, putting to rest a controversy over virtual memory stability and performance.In 1966 he proposed the working set as a dynamic measure of memory demand and explained why it worked using the locality idea introduced by Les Belady of IBM.  His working set paper became a classic (a copy of that paper is on Denning's website as well). It received an ACM Best paper award in 1968 and a SIGOPS Hall of Fame Award  in 2005.


=== Operating system principles ===
In the early 1970s he collaborated with Ed Coffman Jr., on Operating Systems Theory, which became a classic textbook used in graduate courses and stayed in print until 1995.  That book helped to erase doubts that the OS field could be approached as a science.
In the middle 1970s he collaborated with Jeffrey Buzen on operational analysis, extending Buzen's basic operational
laws to deal with all queueing networks.  The operational framework explained why computer performance models work so well, even though violating the traditional stochastic Markovian assumptions.  It has become the preferred method for teaching performance prediction in computing courses.
In the early 1980s, he was one of the four founding Principal investigators of Computer Science Network, sponsored by the National Science Foundation  The other three were Dave Farber, Larry Landweber, and Tony Hearn.  They led the development of a fully self-supporting CS community network that by 1986 included 165 sites and 50,000 users.  CSNET was the key transitional stepping stone from the original ARPANET to the NSFNET and then the Internet.   In 2009, the Internet Society awarded CSNET its prestigious Jon Postel award, recognizing its key role in bridging from the ARPANET to NSFNET.
He led the ACM Digital Library project 1992-97, which went live in 1997.  The Association for Computing Machinery became the first professional society to offer a fully searchable library of everything it ever published.


=== Great Principles of Computing ===
In 1999, he expanded the search for fundamental principles to cover all of computing.  The discovery of natural information processes in biology, physics, economics, materials, and other fields convinced him that the basic definitions of computation had to be modified to encompass natural information processes as well as artificial.  He and his team have produced a draft framework.The Great Principles framework revealed that "innovating" is a core practice of computing.  Unable to find anyone who understood how to teach the skill of innovating, he joined with Bob Dunham and identified eight foundational practices of innovation.  They published The Innovator's Way, a book laying the eight essential practices of successful innovation.


=== Computing education ===
Denning has been a major influence in computing education.  In the early 1970s he led a task force that designed the first core course on operating systems (OS) principles.  OS became the first non-math CS core course.  In the mid 1980s he led a joint ACM/IEEE committee that described computing as a discipline with nine
functional areas and three cognitive processes, the basis of ACM Curriculum 1991.  In the 1990s he set out on a quest to codify the great principles of computing.  He maintains that computing is a science both of natural and artificial information processes.  NSF designated him a Distinguished Education Fellow in 2007 to launch a movement to use the Great Principles framework for innovations in education and research.  In 2009, ACM's SIGCSE (Special Interest Group on Computer Science Education) recognized his contributions with its lifetime service award.


=== Humor ===
Denning is an inveterate punster who frequently uses humor to get points across. Examples:

April Fool special section (when he was editor), ACM Communications (April 1984).
On Active and Passive Writing, a treatise exhorting students to write in the active voice.
A Tale of Two Islands.  Fable about a controversy in queueing theory over operational analysis.  First published in 1991.   Contained as an appendix to a 2006 overview of operational analysis


=== Quotes ===
Computation is the principle; the computer is the tool.
All speech is free.  It's just the consequences that get you.
A request is not in the words you speak.  It is in the listening of those who hear you.
After many years of trying to make computers think like brains, AI researchers got brains that think they are computers.
Locality is a principle of nature.  Caching works because our brains organize information by localities.
Innovation is not brilliant new ideas; it is new practice adopted by a community.
Solidarity, not software, generates collaboration.


=== Publications ===
Denning is the author or editor of 340 technical papers and eleven books. Books, a selection:

1973, with Ed Coffman.  Operating Systems Theory.  Prentice-Hall.
1978, with Jack Dennis and Joe Qualitz.  Machines, Languages, and Computation.  Prentice-Hall.
1997, with Bob Metcalfe (eds.)  Beyond Calculation: The Next 50 Years of Computing.  Copernicus Books.
2001. The Invisible Future: The Seamless Integration of Technology in Everyday Life.  McGraw-Hill.
2010.  The Innovator's Way: Essential Practices for Successful Innovation.   MIT Press.
2015.  Great Principles of Computing.   MIT Press.
2019, with Matti Tedre.  Computational Thinking.   MIT Press.Articles, a selection:

1968. "The Working Set Model for Program Behavior".  ACM Communications (May).
1970. "Virtual memory."  ACM Computing Surveys (September).
1970. "Thrashing: Its Causes and Prevention".
1976. "Fault tolerant operating systems".  ACM Computing Surveys (December)
1978. with Jeff Buzen.  "Operational Analysis of Queueing Network Models." ACM Computing Surveys (September).
1980. "Working sets past and present".  From IEEE Transactions Software Engineering, January 1980.
1984, with Robert Brown.  "Operating Systems".  Scientific American issue on software.
1990, with Walter Tichy.  "Highly parallel computation".  Science magazine, November.
1992. "Educating a new engineer".  ACM Communications (December).
2006. "The Locality Principle".  Chapter in Communication Networks and Systems (J Barria, Ed.). Imperial College Press.
2007. "Computing is a natural science."  ACM Communications (July).
2009, with Peter Freeman. "Computing's Paradigm". ACM Communications (December).
2010, with Fernando Flores and Peter Luzmore.  "Orchestrating Coordination in Pluralistic Networks".  ACM Communications (March).


== Personal life ==
He married Dorothy E. Denning in 1974, a noted computer security expert.


== References ==


== External links ==
Great Principles site.
Art of Operating Systems book site.
CS Unplugged, a working application of principles in education.
ACM Digital Library
Peter J. Denning, Oral history interview, 10 April 2013. Charles Babbage Institute, University of Minnesota
Peter J. Denning, Oral history interview, 6–8 August 2007 Association for Computing MachineryJack Bonnell Dennis (born October 13, 1931) is a computer scientist and Emeritus Professor of Computer Science and Engineering at Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
The work of Dennis in computer systems and computer languages is recognized to have played a key role in hacker culture. As an Massachusetts Institute of Technology faculty member he sponsored easier access to computer facilities at MIT during the early development of the subculture.  Much of what would later become Unix came from his early collaboration with Dennis Ritchie and Ken Thompson. This collaborative and open philosophy lives on today.
Dennis was also a member of the historic Tech Model Railroad Club,  which incubated much of the early slang and traditions of hacking.


== Early life and education ==
Dennis graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) as Bachelor of Science (1953), Master of Science (1954), and Doctor of Science (1958). His doctoral thesis analyzed the relation between mathematical programming problems and electrical networks. After completing his doctorate, Dennis became part of the MIT's Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science's faculty, being promoted to full professor in 1969.


== Career ==
As a professor at MIT, Dennis was influential in the work of students Alan Kotok, fellow professors Marvin Minsky and John McCarthy. He gave young programmers access to multi-million dollar computers and allowed them to see where their abilities could take them, inspiring a generation of MIT graduates who would shape the computer industry at DEC, Xerox Parc and ARPA.
Dennis was one of the founders of the Multics project. His most important contribution to the project was the concept of the single-level memory. Multics was not fully successful as a commercial project, but it was important because it influenced the design of many other computer operating systems, most importantly the direct inspiration for Ken Thompson (who also worked on the project) to design the first incarnation of Unix. In recognition of his work on the Multics project, Dennis was elected as IEEE Fellow.
Dennis' research at the MIT focused in Computer Theory and Computer Systems, specifically:

Theoretical Models for Computation
Computation Structures
Structure of Computer Systems
Semantic Theory for Computer Systems
Semantics of Parallel Computation
Computer System ArchitectureDennis has also worked as an independent consultant and research scientist on projects related with parallel computer hardware and software since his retirement from MIT in 1987. He has worked with the NASA Research Institute for Advanced Computer Science as Visiting Scientist, with the Architecture Group of Carlstedt Elektronik (Gothenburg, Sweden), and with Acorn Networks, Inc., as Chief Scientist.A great part of Dennis' career has been devoted to non-von Neumann models of computation, architecture, and languages, where programs are not attached to a program counter. Along with his students, Dennis adopted the concepts of "single-assignment" and dataflow, in which instructions are executed as soon as data are available (this specific model is called "static" in contrast to Arvind's "dynamic").In 2009, Dennis was elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering for contributions to sharing and protection in computer systems and parallel architectures based on data flow principles.


== Awards and recognitions ==
IEEE John von Neumann Medal, 2013
Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) Special Interest Group on Operating Systems (SIGOPS) Hall of Fame, 2012
Member of the National Academy of Engineering (NAE), 2009
Eckert-Mauchly Award, 1984
IEEE Fellow
ACM Fellow


== References ==


== External links ==
Jack B. Dennis home page
Biography
Photograph of Jack B. Dennis
Oral history interview with Jack B. Dennis at the Charles Babbage Institute, University of Minnesota.  Dennis describes his educational background and work in time-sharing computer systems at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), including the TX-0 computer, the work of John McCarthy on time-sharing, and the influence of the Information Processing Techniques Office of the Advanced Research Projects Agency. Dennis also recalls the competition between Digital Equipment Corporation, General Electric, Burroughs, and International Business Machines, to manufacture time-sharing systems. He describes the development of MULTICS at General Electric.
Toward the Computer Utility: A Career in Computer System Architecture — Jack B. Dennis
Parallel Computing Pioneers — Jack B. DennisBob Denny (fl. late 20th century) is an American software developer who writes software for robotic telescope and remote telescope systems. He is the inventor of the Astronomy Common Object Model (ASCOM) standard, which has resulted in the easy availability of freeware device drivers for telescopes, telescope focusers, and astronomical observatory domes and enclosures.
Denny is also noted for developing the first web server software for Microsoft Windows 3.1, 95, and NT 4 (Windows HTTPd), as the inventor of the Windows Common Gateway Interface which allows Visual Basic to be used as a web server back-end language, the first Java web server back-end system, and as the author of the O'Reilly WebSite Pro web server. He is a uniformed/armed volunteer for the Maricopa County, Arizona Sheriff's office.
The asteroid 23257 Denny is named in his honor.


== External links ==
Bob Denny's personal website
Predictions by Bob Denny


== References ==Zaryn Dentzel (born 1983) is an American computer scientist and entrepreneur. He founded Tuenti in 2006. Dentzel was robbed of millions in Bitcoins in 2021. Dentzel was born in Santa Barbara, California in 1983. He moved to Spain in the 1990s.


== References ==Narsingh Deo is a professor and was the Charles N. Millican Endowed Chair of the Department of Computer Science, University of Central Florida. He received his Ph.D. for his dissertation 'Topological Analysis of Active Networks and Generalization of Hamiltonian tree' from Northwestern University, IL., in 1965; S. L. Hakimi was his adviser. Deo was professor at the Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur.


== Books ==
Graph Theory with Application to Engineering and Computer Science, Prentice-Hall, Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1974, 480 pages.
Combinatorial Algorithms: Theory and Practice (with E.M. Reingold and J. Nievergelt), Prentice-Hall, Englewood Cliffs, NJ., 1977, 433 pages.
System Simulation with Digital Computers, Prentice-Hall, Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1979, 200 pages.
Discrete Optimization Algorithms: With Pascal Programs (with M.M. Syslo and J. S. Kowalik), Prentice-Hall, Englewood Cliffs, N.J., 1983, 542 pages.


== References ==
Narsingh Deo at the Mathematics Genealogy Project
N. Deo's profile
CS FacultySteven J DeRose (born 1960) is a computer scientist noted for his contributions to Computational Linguistics and to key standards related to document processing, mostly around ISO's Standard Generalized Markup Language (SGML) and W3C's Extensible Markup Language (XML).
His contributions include the following:

HyTime
Text Encoding Initiative
XPath –- editor
XPointer –- editor
XLink –- editor
OSIS—chairman
XMLHe served as Chief Scientist of the Scholarly Technology Group, and Adjunct Associate Professor of Computer Science, at Brown University. While there he received NSF and NEH grants and contributed heavily to the Open eBook and Encoded Archival Description standards. Previously, he was co-founder and Chief Scientist at Electronic Book Technologies, Inc., where he designed the first SGML browser (Dynatext), which earned 11 US Patents and won Seybold. and other awards.
His 1987 article with James Coombs and Allen Renear, "Markup Systems and the Future of Scholarly Text Processing", is a seminal source for the theory of markup systems, and has been widely cited and reprinted.
 The article "What is Text, Really?" has also been widely cited and reprinted, and led to several follow-on articles In addition, he has published 2 books (Making Hypermedia Work: A User's Guide to HyTime and The SGML FAQ Book); as well as articles in a variety of journals, magazines, and proceedings.
He has given papers and tutorials at the ACM Hypertext Conference and various SGML and XML conferences, a keynote address at the ACM Conference on Very Large DataBases (VLDB), and a plenary talk at the Text Encoding Initiative 10 Conference.In Computational Linguistics, he is known for pioneering the use of dynamic programming methods for part-of-speech tagging (DeRose 1988, 1990).


== Selected publications ==
DeRose, Steven J. (1988). "Grammatical category disambiguation by statistical optimization". Computational Linguistics. Vol. 14, no. 1. pp. 31–39.
DeRose, Steven J. (1990). Stochastic Methods for Resolution of Grammatical Category Ambiguity in Inflected and Uninflected Languages (Thesis). Providence, RI: Brown University Department of Cognitive and Linguistic Sciences.
DeRose, Steven J. & David G. Durand (1994). Making Hypermedia Work: A User's Guide to HyTime. Kluwer Academic Publishers. ISBN 978-0-7923-9432-7.
DeRose, Steven J (1997). The SGML FAQ Book. Kluwer Academic Publishers. ISBN 978-0-7923-9943-8.


== References ==


== External links ==
Official websiteMichael Leonidas Dertouzos (Greek: Μιχαήλ Λεωνίδας Δερτούζος; November 5, 1936 – August 27, 2001) was a professor in the department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and Director of the MIT Laboratory for Computer Science (LCS) from 1974 to 2001.
Dertouzos predicted the expansion of computer use very early, and was one of the pioneers in many areas of technology. These included his contributions to the Web particularly through his visionary approach to ubiquitous computing.


== Early life ==
Dertouzos was born in Athens, Greece. His father was an admiral in the Greek navy and the young Dertouzos often accompanied him aboard destroyers and submarines. This experience cultivated his interest in technology so that he learned Morse code, shipboard machinery, and mathematics at an early age. When he was 16, he came across Claude Shannon's work on information theory and MIT's attempt to build a mechanical mouse robot; these were said to have driven him to study in the university.Dertouzos went to high school at Athens College. He came to the United States to study after the end of World War II and was awarded a Fulbright scholarship to study electrical engineering. Dertouzos completed his bachelor's and master's degrees at the University of Arkansas in 1957 and 1959. He earned his Ph.D. in electrical engineering from MIT in 1964.


== Career ==
After graduating, he immediately joined the faculty of MIT, where he stayed for the rest of his career. During Dertouzos's term, LCS innovated in a variety of areas, including RSA encryption, the spreadsheet,  the NuBus, the X Window System, and the Internet. Dertouzos was instrumental in creating the World Wide Web Consortium and bringing it to MIT. He was a firm supporter of the GNU Project, Richard Stallman, and the FSF, and their continued presence at MIT. He was also the sponsor of Project Oxygen at MIT, which aimed to develop "pervasive, human-centered computing through a combination of specific user and system technologies".In 1968, he co-founded Computek, Inc., a manufacturer of graphics and intelligent terminals, with Marvin C. Lewis and Dr. Huber Graham.
He died on August 27 2001 at Massachusetts General Hospital at the age of 64.  He is buried at the First Cemetery of Athens.


== Honours ==
On November 5, 2018, Google recognized him with a doodle.


== Bibliography ==
Dertouzos, The Unfinished Revolution: Human-Centered Computers and What They Can Do For Us, 2001, ISBN 0-06-662067-8.
Dertouzos, What Will Be: How the New World of Information Will Change Our Lives, 1997, ISBN 0-06-251479-2.
"Communications, Computers and Networks", in Scientific American Special Issue on Communications, Computers, and Networks, September, 1991
(co-author), Made in America: Regaining the Productive Edge, 1989, ISBN 0-262-04100-6.


== References ==


== Further reading ==
K. Warwick "Scrubbing the future clean", Review of 'What will be' by Michael Dertouzos, New Scientist, p. 44, 9 August 1997.


== External links ==
Oral history interview with Michael L. Dertouzos. Charles Babbage Institute University of Minnesota.  Dertouzos discusses his research in computer science at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Project MAC's change under his direction to the Laboratory for Computer Science. The bulk of the interview concerns MIT's relationship with the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) and its Information Processing Techniques Office (IPTO). Topics include: time-sharing, distributive systems, networking, multiprocessing, the ARPANET, and Robert Kahn's directorship of IPTO.
Biography on KurzweilAI.netMarie desJardins is an American computer scientist, known for her research on artificial intelligence and computer science education. She is also active in broadening participation in computing.


== Biography ==
DesJardins grew up in Columbia, Maryland. She received an A. B. in Engineering and Computer Science from Harvard University in 1985. 
She received a Ph.D in Computer Science from University of Berkeley in 1992.
In 1991 she joined SRI International, working in the Artificial
Intelligence Center. In 2001 she joined the Department of Computer Science
and Electrical Engineering 
at the University of Maryland, Baltimore County as an Assistant Professor. While there she was
promoted to Associate Professor in 2007 and to Professor in 2011. 
In 2015, she was appointed Associate Dean for Academic Affairs in UMBC
College of Engineering and Information Technology.  She left UMBC  in 2018 to become the Founding Dean of the College of
Organizational, Computational, and Information Sciences  at
Simmons College in Boston.


== Career ==
DesJardins has explored the effect of the network topology on the efficiency of
team formation in multi-agent systems, showing that scale-free networks are
often the most effective topologies for facilitating team formation and
leading to the development of learning methods for agents to adapt their
behavioral strategies.She has shown  the first approach to trust modeling that explicitly
separates the effect of competence (that is, the degree to which an agent is
able to carry out its commitments) and integrity (that is, the degree to which
an agent is actually committed to complete its part of a joint action) on
decision making. This framework was later extended  to incorporate reputation
(indirect observations provided by third-party agents, with applications to
online rating systems and supply chain formation.In many domains, when a set of items is presented as a collection, interactions between the items may increase (due to complementarity) or decrease (due to redundancy or incompatibility) the quality of the set as a whole. Although this “portfolio effect” had occasionally been mentioned in the literature, this work was the first to address this problem a general way, by modeling the tradeoff between the “depth” of the set (i.e., which characteristics of the individual items are seen as more or less desirable) and its “diversity” (i.e., how broadly or narrowly distributed the objects in the set are over their possible range).
This work presented a heuristic method for taking advantage of taxonomies, or
hierarchies of values, in Bayesian network learning by searching for the most
effective level of abstraction within the taxonomy, discovering which
distinctions are relevant for the input data, and ignoring the others.
This process reduces the number of parameters that must be estimated, and
simplifies the representation, while preserving the meaningful distinctions in
the domain.This paper, presenting comprehensive advice to help graduate students navigate
the process of earning an M.S. or Ph.D. and develop strong mentoring
relationships, has been circulated widely to graduate students around the
world and has been translated into multiple languages. It has also been published in IAPPP Communications (Winter 1995,
no. 58) and excerpted in SHPE (the official magazine of the Society of
Hispanic Professional Engineers), Winter 2000, and in IEEE Potentials (August/
September 1996).


== Awards ==
In 2018, she became an AAAI Fellow.Her other notable awards include:

Association for Computing Machinery Distinguished Member, 2011.
A. Richard Newton Educator ABIE Award, Anita Borg Institute, 2017.
American Council on Education Fellow, 2014-2015Distinguished Alumni Award in Computer Science, UC Berkeley, 2018
UMBC Presidential Teaching Professor, 2014–2017
American Crossword Puzzle Tournament: B Division champion and winner of Fifties age division, 2018
CRA-E (Computing Research Association Education Committee) Undergraduate Research Faculty Mentoring Award, 2016.
NCWIT (National Center for Women in Information Technology) Undergraduate Research Mentoring Award, 2014
Association for Computing Machinery Senior Member, 2006.


== References ==


== External links ==
University of Maryland, Baltimore County: Marie desJardins, Department of Computer Science and Electrical EngineeringKaren Dragon Devine is an American computer scientist specializing in high-performance technical computing. She is a Distinguished Member of the Technical Staff in the Center for Computing Research at Sandia National Laboratories. At Sandia, she is part of the development team for the Zoltan and Trilinos scientific computing packages.


== Education ==
Devine is a 1987 graduate of Wilkes College. She earned her Ph.D. in 1994 from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute with Joseph E. Flaherty as her doctoral advisor. Her dissertation was An Adaptive HP-Finite Element Method with Dynamic Load Balancing for the Solution of Hyperbolic Conservation Laws on Massively Parallel Computers.


== Recognition ==
In 1999, Wilkes University gave Devine their Distinguished Young Alumni Award. In 2018 she was elected chair of the Activity Group on Computational Science and Engineering (SIAG/CSE) of the Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics.


== References ==


== External links ==
Home page
Karen Devine publications indexed by Google ScholarRobert Berriedale Keith Dewar (21 June 1945 – 30 June 2015) was an English-born American computer scientist and educator. He helped to develop programming languages and compilers and was an outspoken advocate of freely licensed open-source software. He was a cofounder, CEO, and president of the AdaCore software company. He was also an enthusiastic amateur performer and musician, especially with the Village Light Opera Group in New York City.


== Early life and education ==
Dewar was born in Oxford, England, one of two sons of the theoretical chemist Michael J. S. Dewar and Mary Dewar, née Williamson, a historian and scholar of English Tudor history. In 1959, he moved with his parents from England to Chicago, Illinois, when his father accepted a teaching job at the University of Chicago. Dewar attended the University of Chicago, earning a Bachelor of Science (B.S.) in 1964, and a Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) in chemistry in 1968. He began to work with computers during graduate school.


== Career ==
Dewar was first Assistant Professor of Information Science and later Associate Professor of Computer Science at the Illinois Institute of Technology (IIT) from 1968 to 1975, before becoming Research Associate Professor of Computer Science at New York University (NYU) in 1975, where he was Full Professor of Computer Science from 1976 to 2005, and becoming chair of the department.He was involved with developing international standards in programming and informatics, as a member of the International Federation for Information Processing (IFIP) IFIP Working Group 2.1 (WG 2.1) on Algorithmic Languages and Calculi, which specified, maintains, and supports the languages ALGOL 60 and ALGOL 68. He was involved in the design of ALGOL 68, and was WG 2.1 chairperson from 1978 to 1983.
He was associate director of the Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences from 1994 to 1997. Until his death, he was president of AdaCore, which he cofounded in 1994, and served as its CEO until 2012. Dewar was an outspoken advocate of freely licensed open-source software and an expert in copyright and patent law for software. He was in demand as a speaker at conferences and expert witness in legal actions.


== Software contributions ==
While at the IIT, Dewar created the original SPITBOL compiler, with Ken Belcher in 1971, and Macro SPITBOL, with Tony McCann in 1974. These implementations of SNOBOL4, which quickly gained widespread popularity, are still being used today. In the 1970s, he was a principal author of the Realia COBOL compiler, today marketed by Computer Associates, and still widely used in commercial environments.Dewar became involved with the language Ada from its early days as a Distinguished Reviewer of the Ada 1983 design proposed by Jean Ichbiah that was selected by the United States Department of Defense (US DoD). He was codirector, with Edmond Schonberg, of the team at NYU that produced Ada/Ed, an interpreter for Ada 83 written in SETL and the first Ada implementation to pass the strenuous ACVC validation suite, mandated for being allowed to use the trademarked name Ada.Dewar and Schonberg went on to produce GNAT, a free software compiler for Ada that forms part of the GNU Compiler Collection (GCC). Dewar also participated in the SETL project at NYU, and co-authored the handbook Programming With Sets: An Introduction to SETL. He influenced the design of the language ABC, in particular its SETL-style high-level data types, such as associative arrays. Guido van Rossum, the author of the language Python, wrote that the use of the colon in Python is due to Dewar's wife.


== Personal life ==
He was married to Karin Dewar, née Anderson (died 2013), and had two children, Jenny (born 1965) and Keith (born 1969), and two grandchildren. Dewar was known as an engaging and witty conversationalist.Dewar played the bassoon, recorder, and other musical instruments and enjoyed singing. He was an enthusiastic and valued member and benefactor of the Village Light Opera Group (VLOG) for 35 years, serving them in many capacities, from producer and president to music director, and on stage from Harem Guard to the title role in Gilbert and Sullivan's The Mikado. VLOG's Dewar Center for the Performing Arts was named in recognition of Robert and Karin Dewar's contributions. He was also a member of the North American Heckelphone Society and performed with other groups until only months before his death.He died of cancer at age 70 at his home in Bennington, Vermont.


== Publications ==
Dewar, Robert B. K. (June 1975). "Indirect Threaded Code". Communications of the ACM. 18 (6): 330–331. doi:10.1145/360825.360849. S2CID 26395264.
Dewar, Robert B. K.; McCann, Anthony P. (1977). "Macro SPITBOL: a SNOBOL4 Compiler". Software: Practice and Experience. 7: 95–113. doi:10.1002/spe.4380070106. S2CID 29014301.
Dewar, Robert B. K.; Golumbic, Martin Charles; Goss, Clinton F. (August 2013) [First published October 1979]. Macro SPITBOL. Computer Science Department Technical Report. Vol. 11. Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences. arXiv:1308.6096. Bibcode:2013arXiv1308.6096D.
Dewar, Robert B. K.; McCann, Anthony P. (1979). MINIMAL: A Machine Independent Assembly Language. Computer Science Department Technical Report. Vol. 12. Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences.
Golumbic, Martin Charles; Dewar, Robert B. K.; Goss, Clinton F. (1980). "Macro Substitutions in Macro SPITBOL – a Combinatorial Analysis". Proceedings of the 11th Southeastern Conference on Combinatorics, Graph Theory and Computing, Congressus Numerantium, Utilitas Math. Winnipeg, Canada. 29: 485–495.
Schwartz, J. T.; Dewar, R. B. K.; Dubinsky, E.; Schonberg, E. (1986). Programming with Sets: An Introduction to SETL. Springer-Verlag. ISBN 0-387-96399-5.
Dewar, Robert B. K.; Smosna, Matthew (1990). Microprocessors: A Programmer's View. McGraw-Hill. ISBN 978-0-07-016638-7.
Dewar, Robert B. K. (2007). "The compiler as a static analysis tool". SIGAda 2007: 83–88.


== See also ==
Realia Spacemaker (1982)


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website, New York UniversityDavid J. DeWitt (July 20, 1948) is a computer scientist specializing in database management system research at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Prior to moving to MIT, DeWitt was the John P. Morgridge Professor (Emeritus) of Computer Sciences at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. He was also a Technical Fellow at Microsoft, leading the Microsoft Jim Gray Systems Lab at Madison, Wisconsin. Professor DeWitt received a B.A. degree from Colgate University in 1970, and a Ph.D. from the University of Michigan in 1976. He then joined the University of Wisconsin-Madison and started the Wisconsin Database Group, which he led for more than 30 years.
Professor DeWitt is known for his research in the areas of parallel databases, benchmarking, object-oriented databases, and XML databases. 
He was elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering (1998) for the theory and construction of database systems. He is also a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery.
He received the ACM SIGMOD Innovations Award (now renamed SIGMOD Edgar F. Codd Innovations Award) in 1995 for his contributions to the database systems field. In 2009, ACM recognized the seminal contributions of his Gamma parallel database system project with the ACM Software System Award. Also in 2009, he received the IEEE Emanuel R. Piore Award for his contributions to the database systems field.


== DeWitt Clause ==
Several commercial database vendors include an end-user license agreement provision, known as the DeWitt Clause, that prohibits researchers and scientists from explicitly using the names of their systems in academic papers.In essence, a DeWitt Clause forbids the publication of database benchmarks that the database vendor has not sanctioned. The original DeWitt Clause was established by Oracle at the behest of Larry Ellison. Ellison was displeased with a benchmark study done by David DeWitt in 1982, then an assistant professor, using his new Wisconsin Benchmark, which showed that Oracle's system had poor performance.


== References ==


== External links ==
Official websiteTamal Krishna Dey (born 1964) is an Indian mathematician and computer scientist specializing in computational geometry and computational topology. He is a professor at Purdue University.


== Education and career ==
Dey graduated from Jadavpur University in 1985, with a bachelor's degree in electronics. He earned a master's degree from the Indian Institute of Science Bangalore in 1987, and completed his Ph.D. at Purdue University in 1991. His dissertation, Decompositions of Polyhedra in Three Dimensions, was supervised by Chandrajit Bajaj.After postdoctoral research with Herbert Edelsbrunner at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign, Dey joined the Purdue faculty in 1992. He moved to the Indian Institute of Technology Kharagpur in 1994, and moved to the computer science and engineering department at Ohio State University in 1999. At Ohio State, he obtained a courtesy appointment in the department of mathematics in 2015. He became the interim chair of the computer science department at Ohio State in 2019, before moving to Purdue in 2020.


== Contributions ==
Dey is known for proving the tightest-known upper bounds on the k-set problem and for his work on 3D reconstruction and computational topology.
He is the author of the book Curve and Surface Reconstruction: Algorithms with Mathematical Analysis (Cambridge University Press, 2006).
With Siu-Wing Cheng and Jonathan Shewchuk, he is the co-author of Delaunay Mesh Generation (CRC Press, 2012).


== Recognition ==
Dey was elected as an ACM Fellow in 2018 for "contributions to computational geometry and computational topology". He is also a fellow of the IEEE.


== References ==


== External links ==
Home page
Tamal Dey publications indexed by Google ScholarMatthew T. Dickerson is a professor of computer science at Middlebury College in Vermont, a scholar of the fiction of J. R. R. Tolkien and the Inklings, a novelist, a blues musician and historian of music, a fly fisherman, a maple sugar farmer, and a beekeeper.


== Biography ==
Dickerson received an A.B. from Dartmouth College in 1985, and a Ph.D. in computer science from Cornell University, under the supervision of Dexter Kozen, in 1989.  His Ph.D. research was in symbolic computation, but since then he has worked primarily in computational geometry; his most frequently cited computer science papers concern k-nearest neighbor algorithms and minimum-weight triangulation. He has been on the Middlebury faculty since receiving his Ph.D.From 1997 to 2001 Dickerson published a biweekly column on fishing and the outdoors in the Addison Independent, a local newspaper.
Since 2002 he has been the director of the New England Young Writers Conference, an annual four-day conference for high school students in Bread Loaf, Vermont that is associated with Middlebury College. He is also the founding director of the Vermont Conference on Christianity and the Arts. He plays bass in a Vermont-based blues band, Deep Freyed.


== Tolkien scholarship ==
He is the author of six non-technical books, most of them about fantasy fiction. His 2003 book Following Gandalf: Epic Battles and Moral Victory in The Lord of the Rings, a study of the moral and Christian values expressed by Tolkien's works, highlights the contrasts between moral and physical victories, and between heroism and violence; it points out the necessity of having free will in order to make moral choices. It was shortlisted for the Mythopoeic Society's 2004 and 2005 Mythopoeic Scholarship Awards. He has written a pair of books on Tolkien, C. S. Lewis, and environmentalism, Ents, Elves, and Eriador: The Environmental Vision of J.R.R. Tolkien and Narnia and the Fields of Arbol: The Environmental Vision of C. S. Lewis. Despite giving the first of these two books an overall negative review, reviewer Patrick Curry writes that it is "a major new contribution to the subject of Tolkien's work".


== Other books ==
His other books include The Finnsburg  Encounter. a work of historical fiction, translated into German as Licht uber Friesland, Hammers and Nails: The Life and Music of Mark Heard, a biography of musician Mark Heard, and
From Homer to Harry Potter: A Handbook on Myth and Fantasy.


== References ==David Lansing Dill (born January 8, 1957) is a computer scientist and academic noted for contributions to formal verification, electronic voting security, and computational systems biology.
In 2013, Dill was elected as a member into the National Academy of Engineering for the development of techniques to verify hardware, software, and electronic voting systems.
He is the Donald E. Knuth Professor, Emeritus, in the School of Engineering and Professor, Emeritus, of Computer Science at Stanford University.


== Biography ==
Dill received an S.B. degree in Computer Science and Electrical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA, in 1979, an M.S. degree in Computer Science from Carnegie-Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, in 1982, and a Ph.D. degree in Computer Science in 1987, also from Carnegie-Mellon University. After receiving his Ph.D., he joined the faculty of the computer science department at Stanford University, Stanford, CA.  He became an associate professor in 1994 and a full professor in 2000.  In 2016 he became the first recipient of the Donald E. Knuth Professorship, an endowed chair in the Stanford University School of Engineering.  From July 1995 to September 1996, he was Chief Scientist at 0-In Design Automation (acquired by Mentor Graphics in 2004), and, from 2016 to 2017, he was Chief Scientist at LocusPoint Networks, LLC. He is currently a Lead Researcher working on blockchain infrastructure at Novi Financial (a subsidiary of Meta).


== Work ==
Dill's interests include asynchronous circuit design, software and hardware verification, automatic theorem proving, electronic voting security, and computational systems biology.
His Ph.D. dissertation was an important contribution to asynchronous circuit verification and was published by MIT Press in 1989.

He contributed to the development of symbolic model checking, helping to improve the scalability of the technique.

Soon after arriving at Stanford, Dill and his students developed the murphi finite state verifier, which was later used to check cache coherence protocols in multiprocessors and CPU's of several major computer manufacturers.

He and Rajeev Alur extended classical automata theory with real-valued clocks, inventing timed automata.

In 1994, he and Jerry Burch published an influential paper on microprocessor verification, inventing a technique known as the Burch-Dill verification method.

He was also an early contributor to the research field known as satisfiability modulo theories (SMT), supervising the development of several early SMT solvers: the Stanford Validity Checker (SVC),

the Cooperating Validity Checker (CVC),

and the Simple Theorem Prover (STP).

And he contributed to the development of a key application of SMT solvers to software testing known as concolic testing.


== Electronic Voting ==
In January 2003, Dill authored the "Resolution on Electronic Voting", which calls for a voter-verifiable audit trail on all voting equipment.  The resolution has been endorsed by thousands of people, including computer and security experts and elected officials.  In July of that year, he created VerifiedVoting.org, and in February 2004, he founded the Verified Voting Foundation, on whose board he remains.  In May 2004, he did several media interviews on the topic, including with Lou Dobbs Tonight and Jim Lehrer.  In April 2005, he testified before the Commission on Federal Election Reform, co-chaired by Jimmy Carter and James Baker, and in June, he testified before the United States Senate.


== Professional recognition ==
Dill is a fellow of the ACM and the IEEE.  His dissertation won the ACM Distinguished Dissertation award in 1988, and in the same year, he was named a Presidential Young Investigator.  He received best paper awards at the IEEE International Conference on Computer Design in 1991 and at the Design Automation Conference in both 1993 and 1998.  He received the Electronic Frontier Foundation Pioneer Award in 2004 for spearheading and nurturing the popular movement for integrity and transparency in modern elections.  In 2008, he and Rajeev Alur received the Computer Aided Verification award for fundamental contributions to the theory of real-time systems verification.  In 2010, he received two test of time awards from the Logic in Computer Science conference (for papers published in LICS in 1990). In 2013, he was elected to the National Academy of Engineering and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. In 2016, he and Rajeev Alur received the Alonzo Church Award for outstanding contributions to logic, from the ACM Special Interest Group for Logic and Computation (SIGLOG), the European Association for Theoretical Computer Science (EATCS), the European Association for Computer Science Logic (EACSL), and the Kurt Gödel Society (KGS).  Also in 2016, he received a test of time award from the ACM Conference on Computer and Communications Security. In 2021, he was one of a group of researchers receiving a Computer Aided Verification award for pioneering contributions to the foundations of the theory and practice of satisfiability modulo theories (SMT). He and his co-authors also received a Test of Time award from the Logic in Computer Science conference in 2021.


== References ==


== External links ==
David L. Dill at the Mathematics Genealogy Project
Home page at Stanford University
List of publications on Google ScholarTawanna Dillahunt is an American computer scientist and information scientist based at the University of Michigan School of Information. She runs the Social Innovations Group, a research group that designs, builds, and enhances technologies to solve real-world problems. Her research has been cited over 2,700 times according to Google Scholar.


== Education ==
Tawanna Dillahunt was born in North Carolina and received her B.S. in Computer Engineering Magna  at North Carolina State University in 2000. She received her MS from the Oregon Graduate Institute of Science and Technology in 2005. She received an MS from Carnegie Mellon University in 2011 and her PhD from there in 2012. She joined the School of Information faculty at the University of Michigan in 2013.


== Career and research ==
Dillahunt has worked in the areas of human-computer interaction, pervasive and ubiquitous computing, and computer supported collaborative work and social computing. She has received  the Inaugural Skip Ellis Early Career Award from the Computing Research Association. She is the recipient of   he Fran Allen IBM PhD Fellowship, the Richard Tapia Scholarship, and the IBM PhD Fellowship. She is a Kavli Fellow with the National Academy of Sciences.
She is best known for her work designing and evaluating technologies related to unemployment, environmental sustainability, and technical literacy. She has received multiple grants from the National Science Foundation to support her work. Most recently, she received a grant to study transportation barriers in underserved urban and rural communities in Michigan.  She has created numerous technology tools that lead to strategies to better recruit marginalize populations to career opportunities.


== Selected works ==
Froehlich, J., Dillahunt, T., Klasnja, P., Mankoff, J., Consolvo, S., Harrison, B., & Landay, J. A. (2009, April). UbiGreen: investigating a mobile tool for tracking and supporting green transportation habits. In Proceedings of the sigchi conference on human factors in computing systems (pp. 1043–1052). (Cited 726 times, according to Google Scholar. )
Dillahunt, T. R., & Malone, A. R. (2015, April). The promise of the sharing economy among disadvantaged communities. In Proceedings of the 33rd Annual ACM Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (pp. 2285–2294). (Cited 335 times, according to Google Scholar  )
Dillahunt, T. R. (2014, April). Fostering social capital in economically distressed communities. In Proceedings of the SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (pp. 531–540).
Dillahunt, T., Wang, Z., & Teasley, S. D. (2014). Democratizing higher education: Exploring MOOC use among those who cannot afford a formal education. International Review of Research in Open and Distributed Learning, 15(5), 177–196.


== References ==Roger Dingledine is an American computer scientist known for having co-founded the Tor Project. A student of mathematics, computer science, and electrical engineering, Dingledine is also known by the pseudonym arma. As of December 2016, he continues in a leadership role with the Tor Project, as a project Leader, Director, and Research Director.


== Education ==
Dingledine graduated from MIT with Bachelor of Science degree in Mathematics and Computer Science in 2000. Then he obtained Master of Engineering in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from MIT.


== Career ==


=== Tor Project ===
Tor was developed by Dingledine—with Nick Mathewson and Paul Syverson—under a contract from the United States Naval Research Laboratory. As of 2006, the software they developed was being distributed using proceeds from the Electronic Frontier Foundation, by the Tor Project. As described at the end of 2015,

The Tor Project develops and maintains ... The Tor Browser system, also known as The Onion Router ... a free, open source and sophisticated privacy tool that provides anonymity for web surfing and communication as well as developing and maintaining other software tools and applications. As of December 2016, Dingledine continues in a leadership role with the Tor project, as a Project Leader, Director, and Research Director. Isabela Bagueros acts as the Tor project's Executive Director. She took over this role in January 2019, having previously been a Project Manager at the Tor project since 2015.


== Publications and presentations ==
Dingledine has written several highly cited papers, including the Tor design paper titled Tor: The Second-Generation Onion Router, which won the Usenix Security "Test of Time" award.  Other highly cited papers include Mixminion’s protocols for anonymous email, 
the Free Haven Project distributed anonymous storage service, various attacks and vulnerabilities related to anonymity technologies, and the economics and network effects of technologies for anonymity.As an advocate for strong privacy, Dingledine is frequently invited to speak about security and privacy, including at academic conferences, the NSF (2014), the NSA (2007), and periodic interviews.


== Awards and honors ==
Dingledine was named as one of the 2006 thirty-five Innovators Under 35 by  MIT Technology Review, for his work on internet anonymization technologies through the Tor Project. The Review described the importance of the work in this way:

 A dissident in China uses Web-based e-mail to contact a journalist in Canada. An intelligence agency wants to surveil a foreign website. Like every operation on the Internet, these activities leave tracks. Online anonymity measures provide a way around this problem; one of the most advanced is Tor, or the Onion Router. / Computer scientist Roger Dingledine developed Tor ...
In 2012, Dingledine and the other two initial developers of Tor, Nick Mathewson and Paul Syverson, were recognized by Foreign Policy magazine as #78 in their top 100 global thinkers.


== Media attention ==
Dingledine has drawn attention after the leak of NSA documents by Edward Snowden, and public disclosure of the rules guiding the operation of XKeyscore, the NSA's collection system, given XKeyscore's targeting of Tor Project onion servers, including the one Dingledine runs at MIT, which serves a directory authority for the system, as well as being the base of operation of the Mixminion mail service, and host to various gaming and other websites (from which the NSA might be collecting IP addresses).


== Further reading ==
Roger Dingledine publications indexed by Google Scholar
Goodin, Dan (2016-11-29). "Firefox 0-Day in the Wild is Being Used to Attack Tor Users". ArsTechnica. Retrieved 2016-01-04. Publicly released exploit works reliably against a wide range of Firefox versions.
Zetter, Kim (2015-12-11). "Tor Hires a New Leader to Help It Combat the War on Privacy" (print and online). Wired. Retrieved 2016-01-04.
Zetter, Kim (2014-07-03). "The NSA Is Targeting Users of Privacy Services, Leaked Code Shows" (print and online). Wired. Retrieved 2016-01-04.


== References ==Elizabeth "Betsy" DiSalvo (born 1969) is an American professor at the Georgia Institute of Technology School of Interactive Computing. She is known for her research on informal learning, the impact of cultural values on technology use and production, computer science education, and the learning sciences.


== Career ==
In 2012, DiSalvo graduated from the Georgia Institute of Technology School of Interactive Computing and began work as an assistant professor in the same school. In 2018, DiSalvo was promoted to the position of associate professor. She is founder and director of the Culture and Technology Lab (CAT Lab) at Georgia Tech, which established a range of research programs focused on using participate design methods to inform informal learning  and families in minority communities. Much of her work focuses on science, technology, engineering, and mathematics education with an emphasis on computer science. DiSalvo has also continued to work in game studies and looks at race and masculinity as part of play practices.DiSalvo ran the Glitch Game Testers program, which introduced young Black men to technology careers through entry-level work as game testers, from 2009–2012. In a similar work training model, she launched the DataWorks program in 2020 to introduce young people from minority communities to entry-level work as "data wranglers" in data science.DiSalvo was named a Georgia Tech Serve-Learn-Sustain Smart Cities and Connected Communities Fellow in 2017, received a Lockheed Inspirational Young Faculty Award in 2014, and received Honorable Mention for Outstanding Dissertation in the Georgia Tech College of Computing in 2012.
DiSalvo completed an undergraduate degree at the University of Dallas in Fine Art in 1991. She has continued to exhibit and work with cultural institutions on public engagement projects such as the Kitchen Lab Walker Art Center.


== References ==


== External links ==
Home page
Betsy DiSalvo publications indexed by Google ScholarKevin C. Dittman (born ca. 1960) is an American computer scientist, IT consultant and Professor of Information Technology at the Purdue University, especially known for his textbook Systems analysis and design methods written with Lonnie D. Bentley and Jeffrey L. Whitten, which is in its 7th edition.Dittman received his BS in Computer Science from Purdue University in 1981 and his MA in Management Information Systems from the Florida Institute of Technology. He started his career in industry as programmer and analyst at an engineering company in 1981. From 1982 to 1985 he was systems analyst at a machine industry company. In 1985 he started at Lockheed Martin, where from 1985 to 1995 he was systems engineer, and from 1995 to 2011 consultant in the fields of Information Technology, Systems Engineering, Quality management, Process Management, and Project Management. In 1995 Dittman was appointed Professor of Information Technology at the Purdue University.


== Selected publications ==
Books, a selection:

Bentley, Lonnie D., Kevin C. Dittman, and Jeffrey L. Whitten. Systems analysis and design methods. (1986, 1997, 2004).
Whitten, Jeffery L., Lonnie D. Bentley, and Kevin C. Dittman. Fundamentals of systems analysis and design methods. (2004).
Brewer, Jeffrey L., and Kevin C. Dittman. Methods of IT project management. Purdue University Press, 2013.


== References ==


== External links ==
Kevin C. Dittman at Purdue University PressDavid Paul Dobkin is an American computer scientist and the Phillip Y. Goldman '86 Professor of Computer Science at Princeton University.  His research has concerned computational geometry and computer graphics.


== Early life and education ==
Dobkin was born February 29, 1948, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He received a B.S. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1970 and then moved to Harvard University for his graduate studies, receiving a Ph.D. in applied mathematics in 1973 under the supervision of Roger W. Brockett.


== Career ==
He taught at Yale University and the University of Arizona before moving to Princeton in 1981. He was initially appointed to the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at Princeton and was subsequently named one of the first professors of Computer Science when that department was formed in 1985. In 1999, he became the first holder of the Goldman chair after its namesake donated two million dollars to the university. He was chair of the Computer Science Department at Princeton from 1994 to 2003, and in 2003 was appointed Dean of the Faculty. David Dobkin also chaired the governing board of The Geometry Center, a NSF-established research and education center at the University of Minnesota.Dobkin has been on the editorial boards of eight journals.


== Recognition ==
In 1997 he was selected as a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery for his contributions to both fields.


== References ==


== Further reading ==
Dobkin keeps pace with faculty interests, Princeton Weekly Bulletin, January 9, 2006


== External links ==
Dobkin's web site at the Princeton Computer Science department
Dobkin's publications at DBLPDavid S. Doermann (born 1965) is an American computer science researcher and professor in the areas of document analysis, computer vision, and artificial intelligence. 


== Education ==
Doermann received a B.Sc. degree in computer science and mathematics from Bloomsburg University, Bloomsburg, PA in 1987, a M.Sc. and Ph.D. degrees from the University of Maryland, College Park, MD, in 1989 and 1993, respectively.


== Career ==
Doermann is a SUNY Empire Innovation Professor with the Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University at Buffalo and the Inaugural Director of the University at Buffalo Artificial Intelligence Institute. He was a Research Scientist at the University of Maryland from 1993 to 2018 where he was a member of UMIACS and the Director of the Laboratory for Language and Media Processing (LAMP). From 2014 to 2018 he was a program manager at the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) where he ran programs related to human language technologies including the media forensics (Medifor) program.Doermann is a founding Co-Editor of the International Journal on Document Analysis and Recognition. In 2013 he was the General Chair of the International Conference on Document Analysis and Recognition. In 2019 he was appointed as the SUNY representative of the State of New York Governors Commission on Artificial Intelligence, Robotics, and Automation. 


== Honors and awards ==
In 2014 Doermann became both a Fellow of the IEEE (Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers), and a Fellow of the IAPR (International Association for Pattern Recognition). In 2017 he received the Award for Excellence from the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics) for support and transition of key technology to deployed troops. In 2016, he received the Results Matter award presented to a program manager by the Director of DARPA for successful program development, implementation, and transition that exemplifies the DARPA mission of preventing strategic surprise. From 2011 to 2013, he was awarded a Distinguished Visiting Fellowship, at the University of Salford, Manchester UK, from the Royal Academy of Engineering for work on practical systems for mass-digitization using cloud computing. In 2002, he received an Honorary Doctorate of Technology Sciences from the University of Oulu for contributions to digital media processing and document analysis research.


== Personal life ==
Doermann sits on the boards of directors of Bethania Kids.He has been married since 1988 and has three daughters.


== References ==


== External links ==
Artificial Intelligence Institute
David Doermann publications indexed by Google ScholarBruce Randall Donald (born 1958) is an American computer scientist and computational biologist. He is the James B. Duke Professor of Computer Science and Biochemistry at Duke University. He has made numerous contributions to several fields in Computer Science such as robotics, Microelectromechanical Systems (MEMS), Geometric & physical algorithms and computational geometry; as well as in areas of Structural Molecular Biology & Biochemistry such as Protein design, Protein Structure Determination and Computational Chemistry.


== Biography ==
Donald received a B.A. summa cum laude in Russian Language and Literature from Yale University in 1980. After working at the Laboratory for Computer Graphics and Spatial Analysis in the Graduate School of Design at Harvard University, he then attended MIT EECS, where he received his S.M. in EECS (1984) and Ph.D. in Computer Science (1987) under the supervision of professor Tomás Lozano-Pérez in the MIT AI Lab (Artificial Intelligence Laboratory). He joined the Cornell University Department of Computer Science as an assistant professor in 1987.
At Cornell, Donald received tenure in 1993, and served as associate professor of computer science at Cornell University until 1998.  While on sabbatical at Stanford University (1994-1996), he worked at Paul Allen's R&D and technology incubator Interval Research Corporation (1995-1997), where he and Tom Ngo co-invented Embedded Constraint Graphics. After moving to Dartmouth, Donald was the Joan P. and Edward J. Foley Jr 1933 Professor of Computer Science, Dartmouth College until 2006 when he moved to Duke University. Currently Donald is the James B. Duke Professor of Computer Science, Chemistry, and Biochemistry, in the Trinity College of Arts and Sciences at Duke University and in the School of Medicine, Duke University Medical Center. Donald was appointed William and Sue Gross Professor from 2006 to 2012, and was named James B. Duke Professor in 2012.He is a fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) and a fellow of the IEEE. Previously, he was a Guggenheim Fellow (2001–2002) and received a National Science Foundation Presidential Young Investigator Award (1989–1994). In 2015, Donald was elected a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS), for contributions to computational molecular biology.


== Work ==
Donald’s early research was in the field of robotic motion planning and distributed manipulation. Later he has made numerous contributions to MEMS and Micro-robotics, and designed MEMS micro-robots with dimensions of 60 µm by 250 µm by 10 µm.Recently, he has conducted research in the areas of Structural Molecular Biology; chiefly, Protein Design and Protein Structure Determination from NMR data. He has developed numerous algorithms for protein design which have been successfully tested experimentally in the wet lab.  The protein design algorithms attempt to incorporate additional molecular flexibility into the design process by using ensembles and continuously flexible rotamers and backbones. Donald has also developed algorithms for determining the structures of biomedically significant proteins. For example, his subgroup algorithm CRANS (Acta Crystallogr. D 2004; J. Biol. Chem. 2003), which identifies cross-rotation peaks consistent with non-crystallographic symmetry, was used in the structure determination of the enzyme dihydrofolate reductase-thymidylate synthase (DHFR-TS) from Cryptosporidium hominis, an important advancement in Cryptosporidium biology. He has designed many algorithms and computational protocols to extract structural information from NMR data, and used that information to compute structures of globular proteins and symmetric homo-oligomers. A distinct feature of his algorithms is that they use less data, and provide complexity-theoretic guarantees on time and space (See, e.g., B. R. Donald and J. Martin. "Automated NMR Assignment and Protein Structure Determination using Sparse Dipolar Coupling Constraints." Progress in NMR Spectroscopy 2009; 55(2):101-127). Donald is the author of Algorithms in Structural Molecular BiologyAlgorithms in Structural Molecular Biology, a textbook published by MIT Press (2011).


== Students ==
Donald has supervised many students and postdocs, many of whom are now professors in reputed universities such as MIT, Carnegie-Mellon University, University of Washington, Seattle, University of Massachusetts Amherst, Dartmouth College, Duke University, Middlebury College and University of Toronto; and some are researchers in prestigious research organizations viz.  NIAID, NIST, IBM, Sandia National Laboratories.


== See also ==
MEMS
Protein design
NMR
Protein Structure
Kinodynamic planning


== Publications ==
Donald is the author of over 100 publications. A representative selection:

Kinodynamic Motion Planning. Bruce Randall Donald, Patrick G. Xavier, John F. Canny, John H. Reif. J. ACM 40(5): 1048-1066 (1993).
Phylogenetic classification of protozoa based on the structure of the linker domain in the bifunctional enzyme, dihydrofolate  reductase-thymidylate synthase. Robert H. O’Neil, Ryan H. Lilien, Bruce R. Donald, Robert M. Stroud and Amy C. Anderson. J Biol Chem 2003. 278(52):52980-7.
Lilien, Ryan H.; Bailey-Kellogg, Chris; Anderson, Amy C.; Donald, Bruce R. (2004). "A subgroup algorithm to identify cross-rotation peaks consistent with non-crystallographic symmetry". Acta Crystallogr D. 60 (6): 1057–67. CiteSeerX 10.1.1.152.8692. doi:10.1107/S090744490400695X. PMID 15159565.
Wang, Lincong; Mettu, Ramgopal R.; Donald, Bruce R. (2006). "A Polynomial-Time Algorithm for De Novo Protein Backbone Structure Determination from NMR Data". Journal of Computational Biology. 13 (7): 1276–1288. CiteSeerX 10.1.1.126.9049. doi:10.1089/cmb.2006.13.1267. PMID 17037958.
Potluri, S.; Yan, A.; Chou, J.; Donald, Bruce R.; Bailey-Kellogg, C. (2006). "Structure Determination of Symmetric Homo-oligomers by a Complete Search of Symmetry Configuration Space Using NMR Restraints and van der Waals Packing". Proteins. 65 (1): 203–219. CiteSeerX 10.1.1.137.318. doi:10.1002/prot.21091. PMID 16897780. S2CID 1500512.
Georgiev, Ivelin; Lilien, Ryan H.; Donald, Bruce R. (2008). "The Minimized Dead-End Elimination Criterion and Its Application to Protein Redesign in a Hybrid Scoring and Search Algorithm for Computing Partition Functions over Molecular Ensembles". Journal of Computational Chemistry. 29 (10): 1527–42. doi:10.1002/jcc.20909. PMC 3263346. PMID 18293294.
Cheng-; Chen, Yu; Georgiev, Ivelin; Anderson, Amy C.; Donald, Bruce R. (2009). "Computational structure-based redesign of enzyme activity". Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. 106 (10): 3764–9. Bibcode:2009PNAS..106.3764C. doi:10.1073/pnas.0900266106. PMC 2645347. PMID 19228942.
Zeng, J.; Boyles, J.; Tripathy, C.; Wang, L.; Yan, A.; Zhou, P.; Donald, Bruce R. (2009). "High-Resolution Protein Structure Determination Starting with a Global Fold Calculated from Exact Solutions to the RDC Equations". Journal of Biomolecular NMR. 45 (3): 265–281. doi:10.1007/s10858-009-9366-3. PMC 2766249. PMID 19711185.


== References ==


== External links ==
Bruce Donald's homepage
Bruce Donald's Research
ACM Fellows Award: Bruce Donald
DBLP: Bruce Randall Donald
MEDLINE: Bruce DonaldJudith Stefania Donath (born May 7, 1962) is a fellow at Harvard's Berkman Center, and the founder of the Sociable Media Group at the MIT Media Lab. She has written papers on various aspects of the Internet and its social impact, such as Internet society and community, interfaces, virtual identity issues, and other forms of collaboration that have become manifest with the advent of connected computing.She combines concepts from evolutionary biology, architecture, ethnography, cognitive science, and various other disciplines, to develop methodologies for optimizing the design of mediated virtual cities on the internet and online virtual identities.She is a pioneer of online social media applications, including the first postcard application and the first interactive art show competition. Her work has been shown internationally in museums and galleries and recently at the MIT Museum as a major exhibit.Her research work includes issues centered on "identity and deception in online communities" and the creation of multiple virtual personae. In 1999 she researched the presence of deception in the online identities of Usenet users, as well as the reconstruction of the personality of an individual using data gathered from both online and offline encounters.


== Career ==
Donath obtained her Bachelor's degree in History from Yale and her Masters and Ph.D. degrees in Media Arts and Sciences from MIT. Her work includes the design and development of educational software and experimental media.On October 10, 1995, while still a Ph.D. candidate at MIT, she helped organize a celebration of the tenth anniversary of the MIT Media Lab by conceiving a mass online collaboration project which featured the construction of a large website by worldwide contributors. The event was named A Day in the Life of Cyberspace and is an early example of mass collaboration on the Internet.Her pioneering work includes the first postcard service, named The Electric Postcard, and the first interactive art show, titled Portraits in Cyberspace.Her recent work includes directing the exhibit Id/Entity which includes collaborative works on the subject of the transformation of portraiture through the use of modern computer technology.In her 2000 book Being Real, Donath explores the problems of cognition arising from the online behavioral dynamics of the interaction between human and possibly automated avatars in a virtual world.She has investigated the effect of online social media on society as regards the public display of the social interconnections between the members of the online communities as a sort of "Public Displays of Connection". Her work on sociable media has applications in the field of semiotics.On the subject of telerobotics, Donath argues that the remote manipulation afforded by the discipline may act as a desensitizing agent because the identity and human characteristics of the remote subjects of the telerobotic operation  remain unseen by the human teleoperator of the robot. She has also researched the ethnography of online communities.Her work includes the application of architectural principles to the design of the social interaction environment of online communities in a kind of virtual city.She has investigated  best practices for online communication and their relation to issues of embodiment, gender, sexuality and identity.Donath has explored the use of artificial emotions in avatars and their potential use in online advertising. She predicts that artificial avatars will possess "suites of emotions" comparable to an emotional wardrobe, from which they can pick the emotion they need to "wear", depending on the circumstances. That way they can be used in advertising campaigns to target their intended audience more effectively.In her essay "Mediated Faces" she analyzes the role of  facial representation and interpretation in an online communication environment, suggesting that there are wider possibilities for online facial representation through the use of computer-enhanced environments than a simple linear pictorial representation of the human face.She has compared the anonymity of online flaming to the anonymity of vandalizing in real life.Donath spoke on identity, anonymity, and the wiki at the August 2006 Wikimania conference. She returned as Fellow of Berkman Center for Internet & Society at Harvard University.


== References ==


== External links ==
Judith Donath's homepage
Signals, Truth, and Design, YouTube video of Donath "Google Tech Talk"
Judith Donath on TwitterJack J. Dongarra ForMemRS; (born July 18, 1950) is an American University Distinguished Professor of Computer Science in the Electrical Engineering and Computer Science Department at the University of Tennessee. He holds the position of a Distinguished Research Staff member in the Computer Science and Mathematics Division at Oak Ridge National Laboratory, Turing Fellowship in the School of Mathematics at the University of Manchester, and is an adjunct professor in the Computer Science Department at Rice University. He served as a faculty fellow at Texas A&M University's institute for advanced study (2014–2018). Dongarra is the founding director of Innovative Computing Laboratory.


== Education ==
Dongarra received a Bachelor of Science degree in Mathematics from Chicago State University in 1972 and a Master of Science in Computer Science from the Illinois Institute of Technology in 1973. He received his Doctor of Philosophy in Applied Mathematics from the University of New Mexico in 1980 under the supervision of Cleve Moler. He worked at the Argonne National Laboratory until 1989, becoming a senior scientist.


== Research and career ==
He specializes in numerical algorithms in linear algebra, parallel computing, the use of advanced computer architectures, programming methodology, and tools for parallel computers. His research includes the development, testing and documentation of high-quality mathematical software. He has contributed to the design and implementation of the following open-source software packages and systems: EISPACK, LINPACK, the Basic Linear Algebra Subprograms (BLAS), Linear Algebra Package (LAPACK), ScaLAPACK, Parallel Virtual Machine (PVM), Message Passing Interface (MPI), NetSolve, TOP500, Automatically Tuned Linear Algebra Software (ATLAS), High Performance Conjugate Gradient (HPCG) and Performance Application Programming Interface (PAPI). These libraries excel in the accuracy of the underlying numerical algorithms and the reliability and performance of the software. They benefit a very wide range of users through their incorporation into software including MATLAB, Maple, Wolfram Mathematica, GNU Octave, the R programming language, SciPy, and others.With Eric Grosse, he pioneered the distribution via email and the web of numeric open-source code collected in Netlib. He has published approximately 300 articles, papers, reports and technical memorandum and he is coauthor of several books.


=== Awards and honors ===
Dongarra was awarded the IEEE Sid Fernbach Award in 2004 for his contributions in the application of high-performance computers using innovative approaches; in 2008 he was the recipient of the first IEEE Medal of Excellence in Scalable Computing; in 2010 he was the first recipient of the SIAM Special Interest Group on Supercomputing's award for Career Achievement; in 2011 he was the recipient of the IEEE Computer Society Charles Babbage Award; in 2013 he was the recipient of the ACM/IEEE Ken Kennedy Award for his leadership in designing and promoting standards for mathematical software used to solve numerical problems common to high-performance computing; in 2019 he received the SIAM/ACM Prize in Computational Science; and in 2020 he received the IEEE Computer Pioneer Award for leadership in the area of high-performance mathematical software. 
He was elected a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS), the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM), the Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics (SIAM), and the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) and a foreign member of the Russian Academy of Sciences and a foreign member of the Royal Society (ForMemRS), Dongarra was also elected a member of the US National Academy of Engineering (2001) for contributions to numerical software, parallel and distributed computation, and problem-solving environments.


== References ==


== External links ==
 Media related to Jack Dongarra at Wikimedia CommonsJohn J. Donovan (born February 12, 1942) is a former management professor at MIT, and the former president and chief executive of the Cambridge Technology Group, an executive training company.


== Academic career ==
Donovan attended Lynn English High School. He obtained two master's degrees - one in engineering and one in science, and a PhD - from Yale University. He subsequently was a Ford Postdoctoral Fellow at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), In 1977, he became a tenured professor at MIT.He authored multiple computer science textbooks, including Systems Programming (1972) and Operating Systems (1974), and his research focused on early work in operating systems, databases, and later applications of IT to business. He also wrote business textbooks such as Business Re-engineering with Information Technology (1994) and Business & Technology: A Paradigm Shift (1993). Donovan and his son, John Jr co-authored a book titled The Second Industrial Revolution (1997).Donovan also served as an assistant clinical professor of pediatrics at Tufts University School of Medicine. Donovan later lectured on Strategic Computing in Government while at Harvard University. He received the first Honorary Doctorate in Economics from the University of Economics, Prague since the breakup of the Soviet Union.


== Business career ==
Donovan started his business career by providing technical training for AT&T computer business personnel. Later courses shifted towards sales and strategy training to executives. This led to Donovan devising a method of helping companies meet their customers' needs through workshops which he ran for various companies.
Through these workshops Donovan founded many companies including: Cambridge Technology Group, One Wave, Open Environment Corporation, Cambridge Technology Partners, and CellExchange.Multiple individuals have had problems collecting money from loans that have been given to Donovan.  Former student and associate Stuart Madnick sued for $1.4 million, then later settled.  Donovan and other executives from his company have also been taken to court by 10 subcontractors who claim that he was so eager to hire them for an important workshop for Citigroup that he asked them to begin working the very day he offered them the job; in their pending case, they alleged that Donovan's company failed to pay them a total of $181,000.A lawsuit was filed by Donovan's son, John Jr, who claimed that his father had owed him $4.8 million for repayment of a loan. When John Jr took legal action to force repayment, Donovan claimed he owed him nothing. An arbitrator in the case, a former federal judge, ordered Donovan Sr to repay the loan. “I find that John Jr. was a truthful and credible witness”, he wrote, “and I find the testimony of Donovan, Sr to be unworthy of belief and false in all material respects”.In court proceedings regarding the event in which Donovan shot himself in the stomach and blamed "Russian hitmen", Judge Martin was quoted as saying Donovan "deliberately lied".  Additionally, based upon the result of the proceedings "the grand jury not first to find Donovan challenged by the truth".It has been found that Professor Donovan has attempted  to defraud his children and state record keepers by doctoring legal documents, an arbitrator overseeing the family's litigation has stated in a scathing opinion.  The arbitrator, Judge Martin states in the opinion: “[H]e conceived a fraud that had him representing that all he wanted to do was fulfill John’s dying wishes, when in fact he was doctoring videotapes, audiotapes and legal documents in a manner that was so childish that even the least intelligent of us would never believe that what he was proposing was anything that John would have wanted”, 
 In an article published in the Salem News discussing the proceedings, Judge Martin issued detailed findings: "...the arbitrator overseeing the case, John Martin,... wrote, because of Donovan Sr's "history of misrepresenting and ignoring all that has gone before, his unwillingness to abide by the agreements he has made and his propensity for making unfounded allegations".In March 2016, a law firm "obtained a $1.2 million default judgment against him for unpaid legal fees". He is also being accused of misusing funds raised for a startup called SendItLater, Inc. for personal use. The shareholder suit alleges that Donovan used "the firm to support his own lifestyle and not for the benefit of the company, in which he made no financial investment of his own".


== Public service ==
In 1978, Donovan was a collaborator in the development of a birth defect information system for Tufts University School of Medicine.In 2001, Donovan established a $50,000 scholarship (John J. Donovan Family Scholarship) at Yale University. Through his charitable organization Children's Potential Unlimited, he donated computers to Connery Elementary School in Lynn, Massachusetts.In 2009, Donovan was recognized by the Essex County Trail Association for his land conservation work. Donovan has also done land conservation work in Vermont.


== Personal life ==
Donovan was born in Lynn, Massachusetts to John J. Sr and Madeline Donovan. John J. Sr was an elementary school teacher and part-time police officer, and Madeline was a social worker. Donovan has mentioned that his father passed down a strong love for teaching. At Lynn High, a teacher noticed his unique ability to find patterns of mathematics and replicate them, and asked him to teach his peers. Inspired by the opportunity, Donovan credits this empowerment as life-changing. His wife is Linda Donovan. One of his sons is Jim Donovan (banker).In a 2004 article, Professor Donovan's son, John Jr. was quoted saying, "What we have learned about dad is monstrous, and we should have nothing to do with him".In August 2007, Donovan was fined $625 for filing a false police report, and was found guilty of staging his own shooting. Middlesex Superior Court Judge Kenneth Fishman was quoted as saying "Mr. Donovan's behavior . . . can be described as nothing short of bizarre and premeditated". It was further determined that John J. Donovan purposefully altered the viewing angles of the surveillance cameras in the areas where the crime was committed.  Video footage taken a few days before the attack showed Donovan redirecting a security camera in the car park, an indication, prosecutors argued, that Donovan had staged the shooting.  According to Attorney General Martha Coakley and testimony at Donovan's trial, Donovan shot himself in the abdomen, shot up his own minivan, kept a spent bullet in his mouth, rearranged a surveillance camera to prevent the recording of his hoax, and laid out the entire plan in a form of shorthand on the dinner menu of the Algonquin Club to which he belonged. Police found the "to-do" list in his pocket.During these same proceedings the judge ordered Donovan to stay away from his four eldest children and their families.  This was in part, due to the fact that one of John J. Donovan's daughters alleged she has been sexually assaulted by her father.  She was joined by all but one of her siblings in seeking a separation agreement from their father. Even the son who did not join the action, John Jr, has said in court papers that he wants nothing to do with his father.John Donovan, Sr is subject to a lifetime Stay Away Order of the Massachusetts Superior Court dated July 9, 2009 as amended November 2, 2016.  He must never be within 100 yards (91 m) of his children, their spouses and children (Donovan's grandchildren), and his daughter-in-law and her children (Donovan's grandchildren).Significant policing resources were required to investigate the allegations that someone had attacked John J. Donovan, when in reality he had shot himself.  A spokesman for the Cambridge Police Department, Frank Pasquarello, was quoted as saying "There are a lot of people who worked hard that night (of the shooting,)".  He went to say "Have him come over and rake their leaves".In court proceedings that have been adjudicated, many elements of Professor Donovan's personal relationships with his children have been brought to light.  Specifically, his son, John Jr.had concerns in ensuring that his widow and children would be protected from his father.  Specifically, John Jr. wanted to record his issues so that they could not be left open to interpretation.  "So Donovan Jr., the owner of the Manchester Athletic Club and of millions of dollars worth of other holdings, carefully documented his final wishes, in writing and on video. What he didn’t know was that his father was also, secretly, recording him — recordings that Donovan Sr admitted during a hearing last fall that he had been 'cutting and pasting' together, newly filed court documents say."  Professor Donovan then took the videos that he recorded and doctored them in such a way as to indicate that John Jr. desired to leave millions of dollars to his father, which was absolutely false.As part of these recordings, John Jr. even went so far as to indicate that he did not want his father to even attend his funeral, a true indication of the relationship between Professor Donovan and his children.  This is specifically outlined in this quote: “The only references to Professor Donovan in John, Jr.’s estate planning documents concern John, Jr.’s wishes that Professor Donovan have no contact whatsoever with John, Jr.’s children, and that he not attend John, Jr.’s funeral”, wrote Martin, a former federal judge. An arbitrator in the dispute proposed "an order barring Donovan Sr. from using his late son’s name and image under any circumstances — including a purported fundraising campaign he was allegedly conducting in his son’s name".On December 9, 2017, Donovan was indicted on "seven counts of forgery and single counts of attempted larceny" for faking "the signature of his late son, John J. Donovan III, to the codicil of his will. These charges are also indicative of the attempts of Professor Donovan to cheat his grandchildren and widowed daughter-in-law out of property.  Professor Donovan is facing seven counts of forgery and single counts of attempted larceny, obtaining a signature key by false pretenses, and witness intimidation among other charges, according to a statement from the Essex district attorney's office. The elder Donovan’s actions allegedly allowed him to gain the titles of properties in Hamilton, Manchester, Beverly, and Essex, according to the DA’s office."July 2, 2020 BOSTON (AP) — A judge has found that a former Massachusetts Institute of Technology professor and self-styled “business guru” is liable for nearly $3 million in damages, attorney's fees and interest for using funds invested in a now-failed startup for personal expenses. John Donovan Sr., 77, of Hamilton, was using investor funds to pay for country club membership, hair treatments, property tax bills, and other expenses, Judge Brian Davis wrote in his decision, according to a report Wednesday in The Salem News.


== Bibliography ==
Systems programming. McGraw-Hill. 1972. ISBN 978-0-07-017603-4. OCLC 298763.
Madnick, Stuart E.; Donovan, John J. (1974). Operating systems. McGraw-Hill. ISBN 9780070394551. OCLC 815104.
Software projects : pedagogical aids for software education and research. World Cat. 1977. ISBN 9780070175914. OCLC 2695022.
Crisis in technology : the solution, strategic weapons and tactics for executives : handbook for implementing strategic advantage through technology. World Cat. 1990. ISBN 9780962179402. OCLC 22801844.
Business and technology : a paradigm shift : strategic weapons and tactics for executives : handbook for implementing strategic advantage through technology. World Cat. 1992. OCLC 26960141.
Business re-engineering with information technology : sustaining your business advantage : an implementation guide. Prentice Hall. 1994. ISBN 978-0-13-311028-9. OCLC 30079027.
The second industrial revolution : reinventing your business on the web. World Cat. 1997. ISBN 9780137456215. OCLC 42443281.


== References ==

https://www.boston.com/news/local-news/2020/07/02/former-mit-professor-from-hamilton-found-liable-for-misusing-startups-funds


== External links ==
Brief biography on his website.
MIT websiteDov Dori (born 2 September 1953) is an Israeli-American computer scientist, and Professor of Information Systems Engineering at Technion – Israel Institute of Technology, known for the development of Object Process Methodology (OPM). The ideas underlying OPM were published for the first time in 1995.


== Biography ==
Born in Haifa, Israel, Dori received his BS in Industrial Engineering and Management in 1975 at the Technion – Israel Institute of Technology. In 1981 he received his MS at the Tel Aviv University, Leon Recanati Graduate School of Business Administration, and in 1988 his PhD in Operations Research from the Weizmann Institute of Science under supervision of Amir Pnueli and Shimon Ullman.
Dori started his academic career in the United States as Assistant Professor in Computer Science at the University of Kansas in 1987. At the Technion, Israel Institute of Technology in the Faculty of Industrial Engineering and Management he was appointed Senior Lecturer in 1991, Associate Professor in 1999, and Professor in 2008. Since 2010 At the technion he also heads the Enterprise Systems Modeling Laboratory. Furthermore since 2000 he was Visiting Associate Professor and later Visiting Professor at the School of Engineering of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Dori is known for the development of Object Process Methodology for which he received the Technion Klein Research Award and the Hershel Rich Innovation Award. He is IEEE Fellow since 2017, International Association for Pattern Recognition (IAPR) Fellow since 2000, ACM Senior Member since 2006, and INCOSE Fellow since 2011. He has published in the fields of conceptual modeling of complex systems, systems architecture and design.


== Selected publications ==
1980sPliskin, Joseph; Dori, Dov (1982). "Ranking Alternative Warehouse Area Assignments: a Multiattribute Approach". IIE Transactions. 14: 19–26. doi:10.1080/05695558208974578.
Dori, Dov; Ben-Bassat, Moshe (1983). "Circumscribing a Convex Polygon by a Polygon of Fewer Sides with Minimal Area Addition". Computer Vision, Graphics, and Image Processing. 24: 131–159. doi:10.1016/0734-189x(83)90040-3.1990sDori, D. (1995). "Object-Process Analysis: Maintaining the Balance between System Structure and Behavior". Journal of Logic and Computation. 5 (2): 227–249. doi:10.1093/logcom/5.2.227.
Dori, Dov; Bruckstein, Alfred (1995). Shape, Structure and Pattern Recognition. Singapore: World Scientific Co. ISBN 981-02-2239-4.
Amin, Adnan; Dori, Dov; Pudil, Pavel; Freeman, Herbert. Advances in Pattern Recognition, Joint IAPR International Workshops, SSPR'98 and SPR'98. Sydney, Australia.2000sDori, Dov; Liu, Wenyin (2001). Algorithms for 2D Engineering Drawings Recognition - Implementation and Evaluation.
Dori, D. (2002). Object-Process Methodology – A Holistic Systems Paradigm. New York: Springer Verlag.
Dori, Dov (2002). Object-Process Methodology – A Holistic Systems Paradigm. Berlin, Heidelberg, New York: Springer Verlag. ISBN 3-540-65471-2.
Soffer, P.; Golany, B.; Dori, D. (2003). "ERP modeling: a comprehensive approach" (PDF). Information Systems. 28 (6): 673–690. doi:10.1016/s0306-4379(02)00078-9.
Reinhartz-Berger, I.; Dori, D. (2004). "Object-Process Methodology (OPM) vs. UML: A Code Generation Perspective" (PDF). Proceedings of the CAiSE'04 Workshops. Vol. 1. pp. 275–286.Niemann, Jorg; Tichkiewitch, Serge; Westkamper, Engelbert (2008). Design of Sustainable Product Life Cycles. Springer.
Dori, Dov; Reich, Yoram (2009). Proceedings of the International Conference on Model-Based Systems Engineering (MBSE'09). Haifa and Herzeliya,Israel.2010sDori, Dov; Mordecai, Yaniv (2013). "Model-Based Risk-Oriented Robust Systems Design with Object-Process Methodology". International Journal of Strategic Engineering Asset Management: 331–354.
Sharon, Amira; Dori, Dov (2014). "A Project-Product Model-Based Approach to Planning Work Breakdown Structures of Complex System Projects". IEEE Systems Journal. 9 (2): 366–376. Bibcode:2015ISysJ...9..366S. doi:10.1109/JSYST.2013.2297491.
Mordecai, Yaniv; Orhof, Ori; Dori, Dov (2014). "A Conceptual Modeling Framework for Interconnectivity and Interoperability". Submitted to IEEE SMC.
Wachs, Juan; Frenkel, Boaz; Dori, Dov (2014). "Operation Room Tool Handling and Miscommunication Scenarios: An Object-Process Methodology Conceptual Model". Artificial Intelligence in Medicine: 153–163.
Somekh, Judith; Haimovich, Gal; Guterman, Adi; Dori, Dov; Choder, Mordechai (2014). "Conceptual Modeling of mRNA Decay Provokes New Hypotheses". PLoS ONE. 9 (9): e107085. Bibcode:2014PLoSO...9j7085S. doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0107085. PMC 4177816. PMID 25255440.
Wengrowicz, Niva; Dori, Yehudit Judy; Dori, Dov (2014). "Transactional Distance in an Undergraduate Project-based Systems Modeling Course". Knowledge-Based Systems. 71: 41–51. doi:10.1016/j.knosys.2014.05.022.Sharon, Amira; de Weck, Olivier; Dori, Dov (2014). "Teaching and Assessing Project-Product Lifecycle Management and Gantt Chart Models to Systems Engineers: A Comparative Study". {{cite journal}}: Cite journal requires |journal= (help)
Dori, Dov; Renick, Aharon; Wengrowicz, Niva (2015). "When Quantitative Meets Qualitative: Enhancing OPM Conceptual Systems Modeling with MATLAB Computational Capabilities". Research in Engineering Design.
Bolshchikov, Sergey; Somekh, Judith; Mazor, Shay; Niva, Wengrowicz; Choder, Mordechai; Dori, Dov (2015). "Cognition-Based Visualization of Conceptual Models: The Vivid OPM Scene Player". Systems Engineering.
Blekhman, Alex; Wachs, Juan P.; Dori, Dov (2015). "Model-Based System Specification with Tesperanto: Readable Text from Formal Graphics". IEEE SMC 99.
Dori, Dov; Thipphayathetthana, Somwang (2015). "Model-Based Guidelines for User-Centric Satellite Control Software Development". International Journal of Satellite Communications and Networking. 34 (2): 295–319. doi:10.1002/sat.1123.
Dori, Dov (2016). Model-Based Systems Engineering with OPM and SysML. New York: Springer.


== References ==


== External links ==
"Professor Dov Dori". technion.ac.il.
Dori, Dov. "Modeling System, US Patent and Trademark Office".
"Automation systems and integration – Object-Process Methodology". ISO Standard.Bonnie Jean Dorr is an American computer scientist specializing in natural language processing and machine translation. She is a professor emerita of computer science and linguistics at the University of Maryland, College Park, an associate director and senior research scientist at the Florida Institute for Human and Machine Cognition, and the former president of the Association for Computational Linguistics.


== Education and career ==
Dorr is a graduate of Boston University, and earned a Ph.D. in 1990 from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Her dissertation, Lexical Conceptual Structure and Machine Translation, was supervised by Robert C. Berwick.Dorr joined the University of Maryland faculty in 1992. At Maryland, she became the founding co-director of the Computational Linguistics and Information Processing Laboratory, and associate dean of the university's College of Computer Math and Natural Sciences. She has also worked as a program director at DARPA beginning in 2011 while on leave from Maryland. She joined the Florida Institute for Human and Machine Cognition in 2014.


== Book ==
Dorr is the author of Machine Translation: A View from the Lexicon (MIT Press, 1993), a revision of her doctoral dissertation. It describes an approach to interlingual machine translation in which, rather than directly translating text from one language to another, it goes through an intermediate form represented using conceptual semantics. The translations between the syntax of each natural language handled by the system and this form are made using government and binding theory, in contrast to the more typical approach from that time which performed this sort of translation using phrase structure grammars and the unification of feature structures. Her system was embodied in the UNITRAN system, and translated between English, Spanish, and German. However, her work was criticized for its lack of completeness (inability to handle certain common grammatical structures in these languages). Subsequently to Dorr's work, rule-based machine translation systems such as hers that embody a deep hand-coded knowledge of each of the languages they translate have largely been supplanted by statistical machine translation and neural machine translation, and some of Dorr's own highly-cited later work instead focuses on data-driven approaches to machine translation.


== Recognition ==
Dorr was president of the Association for Computational Linguistics for 2008. She has been a Sloan Research Fellow and National Science Foundation Presidential Faculty Fellow. She was elected as a Fellow of the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence in 2013 for "significant contributions to natural language understanding and representation, and development of the widely recognized methods for interlingual machine translation". In 2016 she was elected as a Fellow of the Association for Computational Linguistics.


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website
Bonnie Dorr publications indexed by Google ScholarJulie Dorsey is an American computer scientist specializing in computer graphics. With architecture as a driving application, her research in computer graphics has included work on high-dynamic-range imaging, image-based modeling and rendering, and billboarding. She is the Frederick W. Beinecke Professor of Computer Science at Yale University, and the founder and Chief Scientist of 3d sketching software company Mental Canvas.


== Education and career ==
Dorsey was an undergraduate at Cornell University, where she earned bachelor's degrees in both architecture and computer science.
She completed her Ph.D. in computer science at Cornell in 1993. Her dissertation, Computer Graphics Techniques For Opera Lighting Design And Simulation, was supervised by Donald P. Greenberg.She was a tenured professor of computer science and engineering and architecture at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology before moving to Yale in 2002.


== Contributions ==
Dorsey is the co-author of the book Digital Modeling of Material Appearance (with Holly Rushmeier and François Sillion, Morgan Kaufmann, 2008). She was editor-in-chief of ACM Transactions on Graphics from 2012 to 2014.


== Recognition ==
Dorsey was the winner of the Richard Kelly Award of the Illuminating Engineering Society of North America, and the Harold E. Edgerton Faculty Achievement Award of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. In 2018 she was a winner of the Microsoft Female Founders Competition, providing venture capital to fund her company Mental Canvas.


== References ==


== External links ==
Home page
Julie Dorsey publications indexed by Google ScholarFinale Doshi-Velez is a computer scientist and the John L. Loeb Professor of Engineering and Applied Sciences at Harvard University. She works on machine learning, computational statistics and healthcare.


== Early life and education ==
Doshi-Velez studied aerospace engineering at Massachusetts Institute of Technology. She earned her master's degree in 2007. In 2007 Doshi-Velez was awarded a Marshall Scholarship to study at Trinity College, Cambridge, where she earned her second master's degree on the Indian Buffet Process. She was supervised by Zoubin Ghahramani. She was a postgraduate student at Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where she worked on Bayesian nonparametric statistics with Nicholas Roy. She completed a postdoctoral fellowship in bioinformatics at Harvard Medical School, and is the John L. Loeb Professor of Engineering and Applied Sciences professor at Harvard University's John A. Paulson School of Engineering and Applied Sciences.


== Research and career ==
Doshi-Velez uses big data for medical applications, including diagnosis of disease. She joined Harvard University in 2014. Medical doctors make diagnoses based on the symptoms experienced by their patients. Clinical data can be combined with latent variable models to make predictions about hidden diseases. Doshi-Velez has continued to use Bayesian nonparametric statistics to model latent variables. She develops data-based phenotypes for autism spectrum disorder, irritable bowel syndrome and type 2 diabetes. Using cluster analysis, Doshi-Velez identified that certain people with autism spectrum disorder, a subgroup, would be more susceptible for major psychiatric disorders. She is interested in personalised medicine for patients suffering with HIV and depression. Doshi-Velez is interested in making her algorithms interpretable to physicians.Doshi-Velez has delivered many popular science talks, including two TED Talks The Possibility of Explanation and AI for Understanding Disease. She spoke about accountability in artificial intelligence at Google in 2017.


=== Awards and honours ===
Her awards and honours include;

2013 Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers Top 10 in Artificial Intelligence
2016 Air Force Research Laboratory Young Investigator Award
2018 Sloan Research Fellowship
2019 Everett Mendelsohn Excellence in Mentoring Award
2019 J. P. Morgan Faculty Award Recipient


== References ==Sarah Ann Douglas (born January 25, 1944 in Asheville, North Carolina) is a distinguished computer scientist, known for her work in human-computer interaction (HCI), a field of computer science that she has helped pioneer, and, in particular, pointing devices and haptic interactions,  WWW interfaces and bioinformatics, and visualization and visual interfaces. She is a Professor Emerita of Computer and Information Science and a member of the Computational Science Institute at the University of Oregon.


== Early life and education ==
Sarah Douglas was born in Asheville, North Carolina. She lived in Bermuda and the Philippines, as well as in many states in the U.S. During her high school years in Palo Alto, California, she was recruited by the high school district to learn how to program a computer.  She began her undergraduate career at Smith College in Northampton, Massachusetts on a full scholarship, transferred to University of California, Berkeley in her junior year, and graduated from UC Berkeley in 1966 with an A.B. degree in philosophy.


== Career ==
Upon her graduation from college she left the United States and lived in Europe for 18 months, settling in Majorca, Spain for much of that time. Upon returning to the United States, she worked as a professional programmer, systems analyst, Director of Software Development and Director at Computing Systems at Cabrillo College and San Jose State University in California. She returned to graduate school at Stanford University in 1979 and earned a Ph.D. in cognitive ergonomics (computer science, psychology, and engineering) from Stanford in 1983. During her tenure at Stanford, Douglas also served as a research intern at Xerox Palo Alto Research Center (Xerox PARC).  Upon her graduation from Stanford, she joined the faculty of the Department of Computer and Information Science Department at the University of Oregon, where she remained until her retirement in 2011. At Oregon, Douglas was a member of the Cognitive and Decision Sciences Institute(Director, 1995–1998) and led the technology team that conceived of and built the Zebrafish Information Network, an international online multimedia database of information for zebrafish researchers. She is the author of over 70 technical papers and a research monograph, The Ergonomics of Pointing Devices; her work has been highly cited.Douglas served on the editorial board of the journal Interacting with Computers (1996–2005), and as a reviewer for ACM Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction and the ACM Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems. At the national level she was the Chair of the Human-Computer Interaction Knowledge Focus Group for the IEEE-ACM Computing Curriculum 2001.


== Honors and awards ==
Douglas was the recipient of grants and awards from the National Science Foundation, National Institutes of Health, Fund for the Improvement of Post- Secondary Education, Computer Research Association, Keck Foundation, US West, Apple Computer, and Intel Corp.Professor Douglas was elected to the European Academy of Sciences in 2002.  She was chair of the Human-Computer Interaction Knowledge Focus Group for the ACM-IEEE Curriculum 2001. She was appointed to Human Sciences Special Editorial Board of the British Computer Society journal Interacting with Computers in 1996.
Douglas was chosen for the Charles Johnson Memorial Award for "exceptional service to the university and the community"  by the University of Oregon Faculty in June 1995. She received an
NSF/CRA Distributed Mentor award (Summer 1994), an
EDUCOM 1992 Distinguished Natural Science Curriculum Award and was appointed to
Fulbright lectureship in India during 1991–1992.


== References ==


== External links ==
Sarah Douglas' Profile at the University of Oregon
Sarah Douglas' website at the University of Oregon
Sarah A. Douglas on ResearchNet
Sarah Ann Douglas publications indexed by Google ScholarPaul Dourish (born 1966) is a computer scientist best known for his work and research at the intersection of computer science and social science. Born in Scotland, he holds the Steckler Endowed Chair of Information and Computer Science  at the University of California, Irvine, where he joined the faculty in 2000,
and where he directs the Steckler Center for Responsible, Ethical, and
Accessible Technology.
He is a Fellow of the ACM and
the British Computer Society, and is a two-time winner of the ACM 
CSCW "Lasting Impact" award, in 2016 and 2021.Dourish has published three books and over 100 scientific articles, and holds 19 US patents.


== Life ==
Born and raised in Glasgow, Scotland, Dourish studied at St Aloysius' College. He then received a B.Sc. in Artificial Intelligence and Computer Science from the University of Edinburgh in 1989. He moved to work at Rank Xerox EuroPARC (later the Xerox Research Center Europe) in Cambridge, UK, during which time he completed a Ph.D. in Computer Science at University College London (UCL).
After completing his Ph.D, he moved to California, working for Apple Computer in Cupertino, California. He worked in research laboratories at Apple Computer until they closed 10 months later and then at Xerox's Palo Alto Research Center.In 2000, Dourish moved to Southern California, when he joined the faculty at the University of California, Irvine. Since then, he has remained a full professor of Informatics. He has held visiting positions at Intel, Microsoft, Stanford University, MIT, the IT University of Copenhagen, and the University of Melbourne.


== Work ==
His published work is primarily in the areas of Human-Computer Interaction, Computer supported cooperative work, and Ubiquitous computing. He is the author of over 100 scientific publications, and holds 19 US patents. He is amongst the most prolific and widely cited scholars in Human-Computer Interaction; Microsoft's academic search system lists him as the fourth most influential author in the area while Google Scholar calculates his h-index at over 50.
His research tends to draw both on technical and social domains, and speak to the relationship between them. His research topics have included the role of informal awareness in supporting coordination in collaborative systems, the relationship between 'place' and 'space' in information systems, and
methodological questions about the use of ethnographic techniques in information systems design.
At UC Irvine, he is a teaching professor of Informatics in the Donald Bren School of Information and Computer Sciences department, where he is a member of the Laboratory for Ubiquitous Computing and Interaction (LUCI), and in the interdisciplinary graduate program in Arts Computation Engineering. In addition to his appointment in Informatics, he has courtesy appointments in Computer Science and Anthropology. From 2004–2006, he was Associate Director at the
California Institute for Telecommunications and Information Technology.
He co-directs the Center for Social Computing, one of Intel Corporation's US science and technology centers. Based at UC Irvine, this center involves academic partners from NYU, Cornell, Georgia Tech, and Indiana University.At UC Irvine, Dourish is also a member of:

The divisional council of the California Institute for Telecommunications and Information Technology
The Center for Cyber-Security and Privacy
The Institute for Software Research
The Center for Organizational Research
The Center for Computer Games and Virtual Worlds
The Center for Unconventional Security Affairs
The Center for Biomedical Informatics
The advisory board of the Center for Ethnography and the Institute for Money, Technology, and Financial Inclusion
The executive board of the UC-wide Pacific Rim Research ProgramAlong with being a member of the aforementioned organizations, Dourish is a "co-conspirator" in the Laboratory for Ubiquitous Computing and Interaction, a faculty associate of the Center for Research on Information Technology and Organizations, and a co-coordinator of the People and Practices PAPR@UCI initiative.


== Awards ==
In 2008, he was elected to the CHI Academy in recognition of his contributions to Human-Computer Interaction. Dourish won the Diana Forsythe Prize in 2002, and the BM Faculty Award in 2006 under the American Medical Informatics Association. He was also awarded the National Science Foundation CAREER Award in 2002. Dourish recently received a $201,000 grant to conduct research on people's online participation in social movements. Dourish recently received a $400,000 grant to research how the creative design process works when a team is split up through different cultures. Dourish also recently received a $247,000 grant to research how social media ties into death in real life.
In 2015 he was named a fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery "for contributions in social computing and human-computer interaction."


== Research ==
Dourish mainly performs research in three specific areas of human-computer interaction (HCI). This includes work under ubiquitous computing (ubicomp), computer-supported cooperative work (CSCW), and Social Studies of Science and Technology. Dourish combines this technical research with sociology, anthropology, and cultural studies in an effort that he calls "embodied interaction."
One of Dourish's most recognized contributions has been bringing sociological and phenomenological understandings of human activity to the design of technological systems. For example, his work on spatiality in virtual worlds and computer mediated communication has emphasized how people—in interaction with systems and with one another—evolve new understandings of space, media, and relationships. He also drew on Schutzian phenomenology to argue that tangible computing and social computing share an underlying emphasis on people as embodied, social actors. Emphasizing people as social and embodied points to the importance of how individuals are constituted through their interactions and movements in space with other people. This model is counterposed to models of the person in Human-Computer Interaction that focus exclusively on people's cognitive capabilities.
Previous projects that Dourish has worked on include studies of privacy and spatiality. In this first study, Dourish emphasized privacy as "something that people do rather than something that people have". He was interested in how people rate information and activities based on privacy and risk. Through the studies, he sought knowledge of private practice as a social phenomenon. His second study involved the impact on shaping spatiality by information technologies. His goal was to study spatiality as a social and cultural production.
Dourish's recent work has dealt with information technology use in trans-national and trans-cultural contexts. For example, his work on postcolonial computing has tried to unpack how assumptions about technology and knowledge drawn from Western or industrialized nation experiences create shape (or misshape) technology design. In the process, he has worked with indigenous Australian people, Chinese gamers, mobility between Thailand and the US, and Indian people regarding IT design. Dourish and his team were drawn by these new settings to dismiss the presumption that "everyone is or wants to be just like us". The new experience also helped to challenge current technological practices by showing the assumptions made in familiar settings.
Dourish is interested and intrigued by opportunities presented through design as potential means of ethnographic engagement. He combines social theory, empirical examination, and technology design with varying emphasis throughout his projects.


== Publications ==
Dourish has published three books. He published "Where the Action Is: The Foundations of Embodied Interaction" (MIT Press) in 2001. This book explores the relationship between phenomenological sociology
and interaction design, particularly with reference to physically embodied computation and ubiquitous computing.
He proposes Tangible computing and Social computing as two different aspects of the same program of investigation, named embodiment.
His second book, "Divining a Digital Future: Mess and Mythology in Ubiquitous Computing," written in collaboration with Genevieve Bell, is an exploration of the social and cultural aspects of ubiquitous computing, with a particular focus on the disciplinary and methodological issues that have shaped the ubiquitous computing research agenda. It was published by MIT Press in 2011.His third book, "The Stuff of Bits: An Essay on the Materialities of Information," explores the "material arrangements” of various digital objects—that is, how information is represented and interpreted. Through a series of case studies, featuring digital artifacts and practices such as emulation, spreadsheets, databases, and computer networks, he connects the representation of information to broader issues of human experience, touching on “questions of power, policy, and polity in the realm of the digital." The book was published by MIT Press in 2017.In addition to the three books, he has published conference proceedings, journal papers, conference papers, book chapters, technical reports, essay & position papers, editorial activities, and patents. A full list of his publications can be found at Paul Dourish. Many of the patents that he holds involve document management.


== Teaching ==
Paul Dourish is a professor of informatics, computer science, and anthropology at UC Irvine. Some classes Dourish teaches are Ubiquitous Computing and Interaction, Social Analysis of Computerization, and Human-Computer Interaction. His Ubiquitous Computing and Interaction class focuses on how humans obtain information and interact using computers. Dourish's Socian Analysis of Computerization class focuses on how the internet, information, and technology affect our everyday lives. Finally, Dourish's Research in Computer-Human Interaction class examines the interactions between users and their devices and can be applied to either a person theoretically studying the field to write a dissertation or to a student wanting to apply these ideas to their own products.


== See also ==
Lucy Suchman
Terry Winograd
Mark Weiser
Bonnie Nardi
Genevieve Bell
Béatrice Galinon-Mélénec
Critical technical practice


== Selected bibliography ==
Dourish, P. 2001. Where the Action Is: The Foundations of Embodied Interaction. Cambridge: MIT Press.
Dourish, P. 2004. What We Talk About When We Talk About Context. Personal and Ubiquitous Computing, 8(1), 19–30.
Dourish, P. and Anderson, K. 2006. Collective Information Practice: Exploring Privacy and Security as Social and Cultural Phenomena. Human-Computer Interaction, 21(3), 319–342.


== References ==


== External links ==
Dourish's UC personal home page
LUCI The Laboratory for Ubiquitous Computing and Interaction
Dourish's personal website
Dourish's awards
Dourish's UC Irvine faculty informationAllen Benjamin Downey (born May 11, 1967) is an American computer scientist, Professor of Computer Science at the Franklin W. Olin College of Engineering.


== Biography ==
Downey received in 1989 his BS and in 1990 his MA, both in Civil Engineering, from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and his PhD in Computer Science from the University of California at Berkeley in 1997.
He started his career as Research Fellow in the San Diego Supercomputer Center in 1995. In 1997 he became Assistant Professor of Computer Science at Colby College, and in 2000 at Wellesley College. He was Research Fellow at Boston University in 2002 and Professor of Computer Science at the Franklin W. Olin College of Engineering since 2003. In 2009-2010 he was also Visiting Scientist at Google Inc.


== Textbook publications ==
Downey has published the following textbooks, which are also freely available online from Green Tea Press under the GNU Free Documentation License:
Think Data Structures: Algorithms and Information Retrieval in Java , Green Tea Press, July 7, 2017.
Think Bayes: Bayesian Statistics in Python, Green Tea Press, September 2013.
Think Complexity: Complexity Science and Computational Modeling, O’Reilly Media, March 2012.
Think Stats: Probability and Statistics for Programmers, O’Reilly Media, June 2011.
Complexity and Computation, Green Tea Press, August 2011.
Think Java: How to Think Like a Computer Scientist, Green Tea Press, June 2011.
Python for Software Design, Cambridge University Press, March 2009.
How to Think Like a Computer Scientist: C++ Version, CreateSpace, March 2009.
Learning Perl the Hard Way, CreateSpace, March 2009.
The Little Book of Semaphores, CreateSpace, March 2009.
Think Python: An Introduction to Software Design, CreateSpace, February 2009.
Physical Modeling in MATLAB, Green Tea Press, January 2008.
How to Think Like a Computer Scientist: Learning with Python, Green Tea Press, January 2002.


== References ==


== External links ==
Downey's personal website
Green Tea Press - Website for Downey's free textbooks
Recording of Downey's lecture on software synchronization and free textbooks at Northeastern University
Github - Allen DowneyGary L. Drescher is a scientist in the field of artificial intelligence (AI),   and author of multiple books on AI, including Made-Up Minds: A Constructivist Approach to Artificial Intelligence.
His book describes a theory of how a computer program might be implemented to learn and use new concepts that have not been programmed into it. It introduces the Schema Mechanism, a general learning and concept-building mechanism inspired by Jean Piaget's account of human cognitive development.
The Schema Mechanism is intended to replicate key aspects of cognitive development during infancy. It takes Piaget's theory of human development as source of inspiration for an artificial learning mechanism; and it extends and tests Piaget's theory by seeing whether a specific mechanism that works according to Piagetian themes actually exhibits Piagetian abilities.
In 2001 and 2002, Drescher was a Visiting Fellow at the Center for Cognitive Studies at Tufts University, which is directed by the American philosopher Daniel Dennett. Following his work at Tufts, he wrote the 2006 book Good and Real: Demystifying Paradoxes from Physics to Ethics, in which he defends a rigorously mechanistic materialism. In this book, he discusses quantum mechanics, defending the Everett or Multiple Worlds Interpretation, against the dominant Copenhagen Interpretation. Among other things, he argues that the Everett Interpretation of quantum mechanics, allows for a completely determinist outlook, and it undermines the views of those (like Roger Penrose) who hold that quantum mechanics can give us some special insights into the nature of consciousness. In this book, Drescher also provides treatments of the Prisoner's Dilemma and Newcomb's Problem in order to build a defense of the golden rule and Kant's categorical imperative which does not require that we posit anything beyond the physical world as understood by the natural sciences.


== References ==


== External links ==
Made-up Minds: A Constructivist Approach to Artificial Intelligence at MIT Press
Good and Real: Demystifying Paradoxes from Physics to Ethics at MIT Press
Tom Clark's Review of Gary Drescher's Good and Real: Demystifying Paradoxes from Physics to Ethics
"Demystifying Quantum Mechanics: A Simple Universe with Quantum Uncertainty"Petros Drineas is a Greek-American computer scientist known for his contributions to the theory of data science and the development of Randomized Numerical Linear Algebra (RandNLA). In a 2012 paper Michael W. Mahoney and Drineas introduced CUR matrix approximation for improved big data analysis. Drineas' work on the application of principle component analysis to population genetics disproved  the long-standing hypothesis that the Minoan civilization had North African origins.
Drineas earned his BS in 1997 from University of Patras in Greece. He received his PhD in Computer Science from Yale University in 2003 where his advisor was Ravi Kannan. Drineas was on the faculty of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute from 2003 to 2016 and was a visiting researcher at Microsoft Research, Yahoo! Research and Sandia National Laboratory. He is currently a professor of computer science at Purdue University.
Drineas is a co-editor with Peter Bühlmann, Michael Kane and M. van der Laan of "Handbook of Big Data" published in 2016.


== References ==Robert Drost is an American computer scientist. He was born in 1970 in New York City.


== Life ==
Drost joined Sun Microsystems in 1993 after obtaining a B.S. and M.S. in Electrical Engineering from Stanford University. In 2001 he earned a Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering and a Ph.D. minor in Computer Science from Stanford. As of 2011 he is a holder of over 95 patents  in microelectronics.
Until 2010, Drost was Distinguished Engineer and Senior Director of Advanced Hardware at Sun Microsystems, helping to pioneer wireless connections between computer chips called proximity communication.Since 2010, Drost has had various roles, including CEO, COO, and CFO, at Pluribus Networks, Inc., a Palo Alto-based startup that he co-founded with Sunay Tripathi and Chih-Kong Ken Yang.


== Distinctions ==
Awarded Best Paper at Supercomputing 2008, the International Conference for High Performance Computing, Networking, Storage, and Analysis.
Named to the MIT Technology Review TR100 as one of the top 100 innovators in the world under the age of 35.
Wall Street Journal Gold Medal for Innovation in Computing Systems.
Judge for the Wall Street Journal's Technology Innovation Awards since 2005.


== References ==


== External links ==
New York Times Article on Proximity Communication
VLSI Research group publications, Oracle (previously Sun Microsystems) LabsSteven Mark Drucker is an American computer scientist who studies how to help people understand data, and communicate their insights to others. He is a Partner at Microsoft Research, where he also serves as the Research Manager of the VIDA (Visualization and Data Analysis) group. Drucker is an affiliate professor at the University of Washington Computer Science and Engineering Department.


== Education ==
Drucker received his Ph.D. from the Computer Graphics and Animation Group at the MIT Media Lab in May 1994, where he studied improvements to controlling cameras in synthetic environments. He graduated Magna Cum Laude with Honors in Neurosciences from Brown University, and earned his Master's degree in robot learning at the MIT Artificial Intelligence Laboratory.


== Scientific contributions ==
Drucker developed the SandDance system for information visualization. SandDance provides a web interface to explore, animate, and communicate insights into complex datasets. The system is designed to facilitate discovery of patterns and trends in data by displaying it in ways that complement the pattern-finding systems in the human visual system.Drucker contributed to the growth of e-sports by designing a robust system that allows spectators to enjoy watching others play competitive video games. His related work on automatic camera control leveraged decades of art and experience in video and film to create engaging, real-time choices for camera placement and motion in any synthetic environment, such as video games.Drucker has participated in the development of multiple systems designed to help understand the results of machine learning algorithms by using novel visualizations.Drucker has helped to develop visualization tools for a wide variety of applications, such as interpreting data in virtual reality, filtering trajectories in virtual reality, and pen-and-touch interfaces.


== Recognition ==
ACM SIGCHI CHI Academy
Papers Chair for ACM SIGCHI 2022
Papers Chair for ACM SIGCHI 2021


== References ==Allison Druin is an American computer scientist who studies human–computer interaction, and digital libraries, particularly focusing on children's use of educational technology.
She is a professor emerita at the University of Maryland, College Park and Associate Provost for Research and Strategic Partnerships at the Pratt Institute.


== Education and career ==
Druin has a Bachelor of Fine Arts in graphic design from the Rhode Island School of Design (1985). She earned a master's degree in 1987 from the MIT Media Lab at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and completed a Ph.D. in 1997 at the College of Education at the University of New Mexico. Her dissertation was A Multidisciplinary Education for Designing Interactive Applications: The MEDIA Program, and was supervised by Priscilla Norton.She joined the College of Information Studies at the University of Maryland, College Park as a research assistant professor in 1998, and became a regular-rank faculty member in 1999. From 2006 to 2011 she directed the Human-Computer Interaction Lab at the university, from 2010 to 2012 she was Associate Dean for Research, from 2011 to 2013 she was ADVANCE Professor, and from 2013 to 2015 she was chief futurist for the university. She took a leave from Maryland to work for two years as Special Advisor for National Digital Strategy to the US National Park Service, before joining the Pratt Institute as Associate Provost in 2017.


== Books ==
Druin is the author or editor of:

Children’s Internet Search: Using Roles to Understand Children’s Search Behavior (with Elizabeth Foss, Morgan & Claypool, 2014)
Methods and Techniques for Involving Children in the Design of New Technology for Children (with Jerry Alan Fails and Mona Leigh Guha, Now Publishers, 2013)
Mobile Technology for Children: Designing for Interaction and Learning (ed., Morgan Kauffman, 2009)
Robots for Kids: Exploring New Technologies for Learning (ed. with James Hendler, Morgan Kaufmann, 2000)
The Design of Children's Technology (ed., Morgan Kaufmann, 1999)
Designing Multimedia Environments for Children (with Cynthia Solomon, Wiley, 1996)


== Recognition ==
Druin and Ben Bederson won the ACM SIGCHI Social Impact Award in 2010, for developing the International Children's Digital Library.
Druin was elected as a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery in 2016, "for contributions to creating information and computing technologies with and for children".
In the same year she was elected to the CHI Academy.


== References ==


== External links ==
Home page
Allison Druin publications indexed by Google ScholarRaissa M. D'Souza is a Professor of Computer Science and Mechanical Engineering at the University of California, Davis as well as an External Professor and member of the Science Board at the Santa Fe Institute. She was elected a Fellow of the American Physical Society in 2016 and Fellow of the Network Science Society in 2019. D'Souza works on theory and complex systems.


== Early life and education ==
When D'Souza was younger she faced the personal choice of going to college or moving to Paris to become a fashion designer. She eventually settled on university and studied physics at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign. She earned her doctoral degree in theoretical physics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in 1999, where she worked with Mehran Kardar and Norman Margolus. After graduation, she worked in both the fundamental mathematics group at Bell Labs and the Theory group at Microsoft Research. She held a visiting research position at the École Normale Supérior and the California Institute of Technology.


== Research and career ==
D'Souza was appointed as an Assistant Professor to the University of California, Davis in 2005, promoted to Associate Professor in 2008, and to Full Professor in 2013. She works on the mathematics of networks and the dynamics of how processes unfold on networks. These networks could be in technological, biological or social systems. She has studied the interaction between nodes, and how these can lead to self-organizing behaviour. She demonstrated that there exists a percolation threshold, where at a certain point a small number of additional connections can result in a considerable fraction of the network becoming connected. The percolation transition can be applied to a variety of real-world systems, from nanotubes to epileptic seizures or social networks. Large-scale connectivity and synchronisation can be crucial to the structure and function of complex networks. She demonstrated that sparse connections between separate networks helps to suppress cascading failures. She has also studied cascading behaviours in general, including power-grid failures, crashes in financial markets and spreads of political movements.In 2014 D'Souza was awarded a United States Department of Defense Multidisciplinary University Research Initiative Award to investigate the prediction and control of interdependent networks for the period 2014–2019.


=== Academic service ===
She is an External Professor at both the Santa Fe Institute and the Complexity Science Hub Vienna. She was a Kavli Fellow of the National Academy of Sciences several times and previously served on the World Economic Forum Global Agenda Council of Complex Systems. She was made an inaugural member of the Global Young Academy in 2010. In 2015, D'Souza was appointed the 2nd President of the Network Science Society, and served in this role until 2018.
In 2019, she was awarded the Network Science Society's inaugural Euler Award "for her influential contribution to the discovery and study of explosive percolation and the insights it provided to explosive synchronization and network optimization".D'Souza serves on the Scientific Advisory Board of Quanta Magazine. She was made lead editor of the American Physical Society journal Physical Review Research in 2019. Since Aug 2020, she is a member of the Board of Reviewing Editors at Science.


=== Awards and honours ===
Her awards and honours include;

2015 Elected President of the Network Science Society
2016 Elected Fellow of the American Physical Society
2017 University of California, Davis Outstanding Mid-Career Faculty Research Award
2018 ACM Test-of-Time award (for lasting influence of paper from 2008)
2019 Network Science Society Euler Award
2019 Elected Fellow of the Network Science Society


=== Publications ===
Her publications include;

"(2019) Explosive phenomena in complex networks". Advances in Physics. 68 (3): 123–223. 2019. arXiv:1907.09957. doi:10.1080/00018732.2019.1650450.
"(2009) Explosive percolation in random networks". Science. 323 (5920): 1453–1455. 2009. Bibcode:2009Sci...323.1453A. doi:10.1126/science.1167782. PMID 19286548.
"(2012) Suppressing cascades of load in interdependent networks". Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. 109: E680–E689. 2012.
"(2008) Latent social structure in open source projects". Proceedings of the 16th ACM SIGSOFT International Symposium on Foundations of Software Engineering: 24–35. 2008. Winner 2018 ACM Test-of-Time award.


== References ==Ding-Zhu Du (born May 21, 1948) is a Professor in the Department of Computer Science at The University of Texas at Dallas. He has received public recognition when he solved two long-standing open problems on the Euclidean minimum Steiner trees, the proof of Gilbert-Pollak's conjecture on the Steiner ratio, and the existence of a polynomial-time heuristic with a performance ratio bigger than the Steiner ratio. The proof of Gilbert-Pollak's conjecture on Steiner ratios was later found to have gaps, thus leaving the problem unsolved.


== Education ==
Ding-Zhu Du received his M.Sc in Operations Research from the Chinese Academy of Sciences in 1985. He received his Ph.D. in Mathematics with research area in Theoretical Computer Science from the University of California, Santa Barbara in 1984.


== Career ==
Early in his career he solved two long-standing open problems on the Euclidean minimum Steiner trees, the proof of Gilbert-Pollak's conjecture on the Steiner ratio, and the existence of a polynomial-time heuristic with a performance ratio bigger than the Steiner ratio.He was Program Director for CISE/CCF, National Science Foundation, USA, 2002-2005, Professor, Department of Computer Science, University of Minnesota, 1991-2005. and Assistant Professor, Department of Mathematics, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, 1986-1987.
He has been active in research on Design and Analysis of Approximation Algorithm for 30 years. And over these years he has published 177 Journal articles, 60 conference and workshop papers, 22 editorship, 9 reference works and 11 informal publications.


== Books published ==
Theory of Computational Complexity.
Problem Solving in Automata, Languages, and Complexity.
Pooling Designs and Nonadaptive Group Testing.
Mathematical Theory of Optimization.
Combinatorial Group Testing and Its Applications (2nd Edition).
Connected Dominating Set: Theory and Applications.
Design and Analysis of Approximation Algorithms.
Steiner Tree Problems In Computer Communication Networks.


== Awards and honors ==
2003 Received the Best Paper Award from the 22nd IEEE International Performance, Computing, and Communication Conference at Phoenix, Arizona, USA, April 9–11.
1998 Received CSTS Prize from INFORMS (a merge of American Operations Research Society and Institute of Management Science) for research excellence in the interface between Operations Research and Computer Science
1990-1991 The proof of Gilbert–Pollak conjecture was reported in The New York Times.


== References ==Joanne Bechta Dugan (born 1958) is an American computer engineer whose research concerns fault tolerance in computer systems, fault tree analysis, and the dynamic fault tree method for the probabilistic analysis of fault tolerance. She is a professor of electrical and computer engineering at the University of Virginia.


== Education ==
Dugan studied mathematics and computer science as an undergraduate at La Salle College, graduating in 1980. She went to Duke University for graduate study, and earned a master's degree and PhD in electrical engineering there. Her 1984 dissertation, Extended Stochastic Petri Nets: Applications and Analysis, was jointly supervised by Kishor S. Trivedi and Robert M. Geist III.


== Recognition ==
Dugan was named a Fellow of the IEEE in 2000, "for contributions to dependability analysis of fault tolerant computer systems". In the same year she won the IEEE Reliability Society Award for "contributions of new techniques for fault tree analysis, including theoretical advances, practical application and technology transfer through software tool development". She won the Harriett B. Rigas Award of the IEEE Education Society in 2003 for her contributions to undergraduate education.In 2016, the La Salle University Computer Science Programs Advisory Board gave Dugan their IT Leadership Award.


== References ==Susan Dumais (born August 11, 1953) is an American computer scientist who is a leader in the field of information retrieval, and has been a significant contributor to Microsoft's search technologies.
According to Mary Jane Irwin, who heads the Athena Lecture awards committee, “Her sustained contributions have shaped the thinking and direction of human-computer interaction and information retrieval."


== Biography ==
Susan Dumais is a Technical Fellow at Microsoft and Managing Director of the Microsoft Research Northeast Labs, inclusive of MSR Cambridge, MSR New York and MSR Montreal.  She is also an Affiliate Professor at the University of Washington Information School.
Before joining Microsoft in 1997, Dumais was a researcher at Bellcore (now Telcordia Technologies), where she and her colleagues conducted research into what is now called the vocabulary problem in information retrieval. Their study demonstrated, through a variety of experiments, that different people use different vocabulary to describe the same thing, and that even choosing the "best" term to describe something is not enough for others to find it.  One implication of this work is that because the author of a document may use different vocabulary than someone searching for the document, traditional information retrieval methods will have limited success.
Dumais and the other Bellcore researchers then began investigating ways to build search systems that avoided the vocabulary problem. The result was their invention of Latent Semantic Indexing.


== Awards ==
In 2006, Dumais was inducted as a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery. In 2009, she received the Gerard Salton Award, an information retrieval lifetime achievement award. In 2011, she was inducted to the National Academy of Engineering for innovation and leadership in organizing, accessing, and interacting with information. In 2014, Dumais received the Athena Lecturer Award for "fundamental contributions to computer science.". and the Tony Kent Strix award for "sustained contributions that are both innovative and practical" with "significant impact".
In 2015, she was inducted into the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.In 2020 she received the SIGCHI Lifetime Research Award.


== References ==


== External links ==
Home page at Microsoft ResearchNikil Dutt is a Chancellor's Professor of Computer Science at University of California, Irvine, United States. Professor Dutt's research interests are in embedded systems, electronic design automation, computer architecture, optimizing compilers, system specification techniques, distributed systems, and formal methods.


== Biography ==
Born and raised in Gangtok, Sikkim, India, Dutt received his Ph.D. in Computer Science from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 1989. He received a B.E.(Hons) in Mechanical Engineering from the Birla Institute of Technology and Science, Pilani, India in 1980, an M.S. in Computer Science from the Pennsylvania State University in 1983. In 1989, he joined UC-Irvine as an Assistant Professor of Computer science. He is affiliated with Center for Embedded Computer Systems (CECS), California Institute for Telecommunications and Information Technology (Calit2), the Center for Pervasive Communications and Computing (CPCC), and the Laboratory for Ubiquitous Computing and Interaction (LUCI).


== Academic life ==
His research has been recognized by Best Paper Awards and Best Paper Award Nominations at several conferences. Dutt currently serves as Associate Editor of Association for Computing Machinery Transactions on Embedded Computer Systems (TECS) and of IEEE Transactions on VLSI Systems (TVLSI).
In 2007, he was selected as ACM distinguished scientist and in 2008 an IEEE fellow. He was a keynote speaker at several conferences. Dutt served as Editor-in-Chief of ACM Transactions on Design Automation of Electronic Systems (TODAES) between 2004–2008.
He currently lives in Irvine, California with his family.


== Awards ==
2014. ACM Fellow.For contributions to embedded architecture exploration, and service to electronic design automation and embedded systems.


== Books ==
High-Level Synthesis: Introduction to Chip and System Design, Kluwer Academic Publishers, 1992
Memory Issues in Embedded Systems-on-Chip: Optimizations and Exploration, Kluwer Academic Publishers, 1999
Memory Architecture Exploration for Programmable Embedded Systems, Kluwer Academic Publishers, 2003
SPARK: A Parallelizing Approach to the High-Level Synthesis of Digital Circuits, by Sumit Gupta, Rajesh K. Gupta, Nikil Dutt, Alex Nicolau, Kluwer Academic Publishers, 2004
Functional Validation of Programmable Embedded Architectures: A Top-Down Approach, Springer-Verlag, 2005
On-chip Communication Architectures: Current Practice, Research and Future Trends, Morgan Kaufmann/Elsevier Systems-on-Silicon Series, 2008
Processor Description Languages: Applications and Methodologies," Morgan Kaufmann/Elsevier Systems-on-Silicon Series, 2008.


== References ==


== External links ==
Computer Engineering Academic GenealogySandhya Dwarkadas is the Albert Arendt Hopeman Professor of Engineering and Professor and Chair of the Department of
Computer Science at the University of Rochester. She is known for her research on shared memory and reconfigurable computing.


== Education ==
Dwarkadas was educated at the Indian Institute of Technology Madras and Rice University, completing her Ph.D. at Rice in 1993. Her dissertation, Synchronization, Coherence, and Consistency for High Performance Shared-Memory Multiprocessing, was jointly supervised by J. Robert Jump and Bart Sinclair.


== Recognition ==
Dwarkadas became a fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers in 2017.
She was elected as an ACM Fellow in 2018 for "contributions to shared memory and reconfigurability".


== References ==


== External links ==
Interview with Sandhya Dwarkadas, Amanda Stent, Computing Research Association Women
Sandhya Dwarkadas publications indexed by Google ScholarCynthia Dwork (born June 27, 1958) is an American computer scientist at Harvard University, where she is Gordon McKay Professor of Computer Science, Radcliffe Alumnae Professor at the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study, and Affiliated Professor, Harvard Law School and Harvard's Department of Statistics.
Dwork was elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering in 2008 for fundamental contributions to distributed algorithms and the security of cryptosystems.
She is a distinguished scientist at Microsoft Research.


== Early life and education ==
Dwork received her B.S.E. from Princeton University in 1979, graduating Cum Laude, and receiving the Charles Ira Young Award for Excellence in Independent Research.
Dwork received her Ph.D. from Cornell University in 1983 for research supervised by John Hopcroft.


== Career and research ==
Dwork is known for her research placing privacy-preserving data analysis on a mathematically rigorous foundation, including the co-invention of differential privacy, a strong privacy guarantee frequently permitting highly accurate data analysis (with Frank McSherry, Kobbi Nissim, and Adam D. Smith, 2006).  The differential privacy definition provides guidelines for preserving the privacy of people who may have contributed data to a dataset, by adding small amounts of noise either to the input data or to outputs of computations performed on the data. She uses a systems-based approach to studying fairness in algorithms including those used for placing ads. Dwork has also made contributions in cryptography and distributed computing, and is a recipient of the Edsger W. Dijkstra Prize for her early work on the foundations of fault-tolerant systems.Her contributions in cryptography include Nonmalleable Cryptography with Danny Dolev and Moni Naor in 1991, the first lattice-based cryptosystem with Miklós Ajtai in 1997, which was also the first public-key cryptosystem for which breaking a random instance is as hard as solving the hardest instance of the underlying mathematical problem ("worst-case/average-case equivalence"). With Naor she also first presented the idea of, and a technique for, combating e-mail spam by requiring a proof of computational effort, also known as proof-of-work - a key technology underlying hashcash and bitcoin.


== Selected works ==
Her publications include:

Dwork, Cynthia; Lynch, Nancy; Stockmeyer, Larry (1988). "Consensus in the presence of partial synchrony". Journal of the ACM. 35 (2): 288–323. CiteSeerX 10.1.1.13.3423. doi:10.1145/42282.42283. S2CID 17007235. — this paper received the Dijkstra Prize in 2007.
Dwork, Cynthia; Roth, Aaron (2014). The Algorithmic Foundations of Differential Privacy (PDF). Foundations and Trends in Theoretical Computer Science. Now Publishers. ISBN 978-1601988188.


== Awards and honors ==
She was elected as a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences (AAAS) in 2008, as a member of the National Academy of Engineering in 2008, as a member of the National Academy of Sciences in 2014, as a fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) in 2015, and as a member of the American Philosophical Society in 2016.She received the Dijkstra Prize in 2007 for her work on consensus problems together with Nancy Lynch and Larry Stockmeyer. In 2009 she won the PET Award for Outstanding Research in Privacy Enhancing Technologies. 2017 Gödel Prize was awarded to Cynthia Dwork, Frank McSherry, Kobbi Nissim and Adam D. Smith for their seminal paper that introduced differential privacy. The 2020 IEEE Richard W. Hamming Medal was awarded to Cynthia Dwork for "foundational work in privacy, cryptography, and distributed computing, and for leadership in developing
differential privacy."She is the 2020 winner of the Knuth Prize.


== Personal life ==
Dwork is the daughter of American mathematician Bernard Dwork, and sister of historian Debórah Dwork.
She has a black belt in taekwondo.


== References ==


=== Further reading ===
"Microsoft Research Faculty Summit 2002 Biographies". Microsoft Research Events. Retrieved 5 June 2009.
Stevenson, Reed (2 May 2004). "Microsoft project aims to make spammers pay for spam". USA Today. Retrieved 5 June 2009.
Takahashi, Dean (25 December 2006). "Time to take privacy technology seriously". The Seattle Times. Retrieved 5 June 2009.
Becker, David (28 July 2000). "Short Take: Compaq hires cryptography expert". CNET News. Retrieved 5 June 2009.
Greengard, Samuel (2008). "Privacy matters". Communications of the ACM. 51 (9): 17–18. doi:10.1145/1378727.1378734. S2CID 33781410..Jay Earley is an American computer scientist and psychologist. He invented the Earley parser in his early career in computer science. Later he became a clinical psychologist specializing in group therapy and Internal Family Systems Therapy (IFS), including working with the inner critic. He has created the Pattern System, a personality system, and Self-Therapy Journey, a web application for psychological healing and behavior change.


== References ==Lester Donald Earnest (born December 17, 1930) is an American computer scientist.


== Education and career ==
After receiving his B.S. in electrical engineering from the California Institute of Technology (Caltech) in 1953, he began his career as a computer programmer in 1954 during a stint as a U.S. Navy Aviation Electronics Officer & Digital Computer Project Officer at the Naval Air Development Center (NADC) in Johnsville, Pennsylvania. In 1956, he joined the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT)'s Lincoln Laboratory to help design the Semi-Automatic Ground Environment (SAGE) air defense system.In 1959, the focus of his career shifted to innovations within the field of word processing. During this time, he was responsible for developing the "first pen-based computer system that reliably recognized cursive writing" and the first spell checker. From 1959 to 1965, he was a subdepartment head at the MITRE Corporation in Bedford, Massachusetts and Arlington, Virginia. While at MITRE, he received an M.S. in electrical engineering from MIT in 1960.
In 1965, Earnest became a lecturer in computer science at Stanford University and the chief administrative officer of the Stanford Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (SAIL). Under founding director John McCarthy, he became involved with the Advanced Research Projects Agency Network (ARPAnet) startup committee. This association would lead him to the one innovation he has received the most acclaim for: the invention of the Finger protocol  (RFC 742) in the early 1970s. In the late 1960s, Earnest continued to diversify the types of technologies he involved himself with. He made significant contributions in the fields of robotics through the creation of systems that coupled computer vision with prosthetic and vehicular applications.Following SAIL's merger with the University's computer science department in 1980, Earnest left Stanford to serve as the founding president and director of Imagen Corp. in Santa Clara, California. He returned to Stanford's computer science department in 1985 as a lecturer and associate department chair before retiring as senior research computer scientist emeritus in 1988.
Accomplishments in computing aside, Earnest is also a long-time bicycle enthusiast. He has served as director and/or officer in several prominent cycling associations including the U.S. Cycling Federation, the U.S. Bicycling Hall of Fame, and the Federation of Independent Associations for Cycling.


== References ==


== External links ==
Les Earnest's Homepage at Stanford
What Not To Write On Your Security Clearance Form
RFC 742 - Name/Finger protocol
Cold War Radar System a Trillion Dollar Fraud – Lester Ernest on RAI (1/4)Annie Jean Easley (April 23, 1933 – June 25, 2011) was an American computer scientist, mathematician, and rocket scientist. She worked for the Lewis Research Center (now Glenn Research Center) of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) and its predecessor, the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics (NACA). She was a leading member of the team which developed software for the Centaur rocket stage, and was one of the first African-Americans to work at NASA. Easley was posthumously inducted into the Glenn Research Hall of Fame in 2015. On February 1, 2021, a crater on the moon was named after Easley by the IAU.


== Education ==
Before the Civil Rights Movement, educational and career opportunities for African-American children were very limited. Segregation was prevalent, African-American children were educated separately from white children, and their schools were often inferior to white schools. Annie's mother told her that she could be anything, but she would have to work at it. She encouraged Annie to get a good education. From the fifth grade through high school, Annie attended Holy Family High School, and was valedictorian of her graduating class. At a young age Annie had interest in becoming a nurse, but around the age of 16 she decided to study pharmacy.In 1950, Easley enrolled in classes at Xavier University in New Orleans, which was then an African-American Roman Catholic University, and majored in pharmacy for about two years.In 1977, she obtained a Bachelor of Science in Mathematics from Cleveland State University.


== Career ==

In 1955, Easley read a story in a local newspaper about twin sisters who worked for the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics (NACA) as "computers". She applied for a job the next day, and was hired two weeks later - one of four African Americans out of about 2500 employees. She began her career as computer at the NACA Lewis Flight Propulsion Laboratory (which became NASA Lewis Research Center, 1958–1999, and subsequently the John H. Glenn Research Center) in Cleveland, Ohio. Later after electronic computers started being used at NASA her title changed to mathematician and computer technician. After receiving her degree Easley also had to complete specialization courses at NASA in order to be considered a professional at NASA. Easley was denied financial aid that other employees received for education, without explanation from the agency. She also noted that she did not feel that her pay was very high when she first started with two years of college. Although she was promised a GS-3 in her interview, her first paycheck was a GS-2, and when she questioned it she was told there were no more GS-3s available.Easley's outreach for minorities did not end with her volunteer work at college career days. At NASA she took upon herself to be an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) counselor. This was one of the formal ways that she helped her supervisors at NASA address discrimination complaints from all levels. She was also part of a recruitment effort on behalf of NASA for engineering students from numerous colleges.Her 34-year career included developing and implementing computer code that analyzed alternative power technologies, supported the Centaur high-energy upper rocket stage, determined solar, wind and energy projects, and identified energy conversion systems and alternative systems to solve energy problems. During the 1970s Easley worked on a project examining damage to the ozone layer. With massive cuts in the NASA space program, Easley began working on energy problems. Her energy assignments included studies to determine the life use of storage batteries, such as those used in electric utility vehicles. Her computer applications have been used to identify energy conversion systems that offer the improvement over commercially available technologies. Following the energy crisis of the late 1970s Easley studied the economic advantages of co-generating power plants that obtained byproducts from coal and steam. After retiring in 1989, she remained an active participant in the Speaker's Bureau and the Business & Professional Women's association. Despite her long career and numerous contributions to research, she was cut out of NASA's promotional photos. In response to one such event, Easley responded by saying "I'm out here to do a job and I knew I had the ability to do it, and that's where my focus was, on getting the job done. I was not intentionally trying to be a pioneer." which showed that she placed her work and solving problems before everything else.Easley's work with the Centaur project helped lay the technological foundations for future space shuttle launches and launches of communication, military and weather satellites. Her work contributed to the 1997 flight to Saturn of the Cassini probe, the launcher of which had the Centaur as its upper stage.Annie Easley was interviewed in Cleveland on August 21, 2001, by Sandra Johnson. The interview is stored in the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Johnson Space Center Oral History Program. The 55 page interview transcript includes material on the history of the Civil Rights Movement, Glenn Research Center, Johnson Space Center, space flight, and the contribution of women to space flight. In that same Interview, Easley was asked whether she still played with gadgets and stated "I don't have the time or the desire. I will get the email and I'll send it, but I don't play with it. It's not like this fascinating thing I play with. I'd much rather be out doing something actively, like on the golf course or doing other things."Easley lived in a time where women and African-Americans were facing discrimination from society, although she prided herself in her work ethic and achieved her goals nonetheless.  She also experienced some discrimination related to being an African-American during her career, especially with the picture-cutting incident at her work, when her face was cut out from a picture to put it on display. In her 34-year career she worked in four different departments: the Computer Services Division, the Energy Directorate, the Launch Vehicles Group and the Engineering Directorate, although none of her moves were due to promotions, which she recognized may have been due to her race or sex.Throughout the 1970s, Easley advocated for and encouraged female and minority students at college career days to work in STEM careers. She tutored elementary and high school children as well as young adults who had dropped out of school in a work-study program.Easley was also a budding athlete who founded and subsequently became the first President of the NASA Lewis Ski Club and participated in other local ski clubs in the Cleveland area.


== Personal life ==
Annie Easley was born to Bud McCrory and Willie Sims in Birmingham, Alabama. She was raised by her mother and had a brother six years her senior.In 1954, Annie Easley married a man from the military. After her husband had been discharged from the military, the two of them moved to Cleveland, Ohio to be near his family.She had the intention of continuing her studies in Cleveland, but unfortunately, the local university had ended its pharmacy program a short time before and no nearby alternative existed.After divorcing her husband, Easley returned to Birmingham. As part of the Jim Crow laws that maintained racial inequality, African Americans were required to pass a literacy test and pay a poll tax in order to vote, which was outlawed in 1964 in the Twenty-fourth Amendment. She remembered the test giver looking at her application and saying only, "You went to Xavier University. Two dollars."  Subsequently, she helped other African-Americans prepare for the test.Easley had always loved dressing up. She wore stockings and heels almost every day in college. Although there was no dress code in her work department, wearing pants as a woman during that time was still not normalized. However, she was one of the first to wear pants to work in the 1970s after talking to her supervisor about it.In her first three years after retiring from NASA, Easley focused on volunteer work, often telling people she put more miles on her car as a retiree than as a worker. She traveled the world, mostly to ski, and become an independent contractor in real estate. Although she no longer tutored, she expressed that she was always willing to talk to students at career days and similar events if asked.


== Selected works ==
Performance and Operational Economics Estimates for a Coal Gasification Combined-Cycle Cogeneration Powerplant. Nainiger, Joseph J.; Burns, Raymond K.; Easley, Annie J. NASA, Lewis Research Center, Cleveland, Ohio. NASA Tech Memo 82729 Mar 1982 31p
Bleed Cycle Propellant Pumping in a Gas-Core Nuclear Rocket Engine System. Kascak, A. F.; Easley, A. J. National Aeronautics and Space Administration. Lewis Research Center, Cleveland, Ohio. Report No.: NASA-TM-X-2517; E-6639 March 1972
Effect of Turbulent Mixing on Average Fuel Temperatures in a Gas-Core Nuclear Rocket Engine. Easley, A. J.; Kascak, A. F.; National Aeronautics and Space Administration. Lewis Research Center, Cleveland, Ohio. Report No.: NASA-TN-D-4882 Nov 1968


== See also ==
Katherine Johnson
List of African-American women in STEM fields


== References ==


== Further reading ==
Black Contributors to Science and Energy Technology. US Department of Energy (Washington, D.C.: Office of Public Affairs), 1979, p. 19. DOE/OPA-0035 (79).
The ACM-Mills Conference on Pioneering Women in Computing. Mills College, Oakland, California. May 7, 2000
In Black and White: A Guide to Magazine Articles, Newspaper Articles and Books Concerning More than 15,000 Black Individuals and Groups. 3rd edition Mary Mace Spradling, ed. (Detroit, Michigan: Gale Research Co.), 1980. p. 289.
"Easley, Annie J.: American Computer Scientist" in World of Computer Science.  Brigham Narin, Ed. (Detroit, Michigan: Gales Group), 2002. p. 210.
Pendergast, Sara; Pendergast, Tom (2007). Contemporary Black biography. profiles from the international Black community. Detroit, Michigan: Thomson Gale. ISBN 9781414429205. OCLC 183327197.
Warren, Wini (1999). Black women scientists in the United States. Bloomington, Indiana: Indiana University Press. ISBN 978-0-253-33603-3.


== External links ==
BookRags Biography
The Faces of Science Biography
NASA Glen Research Center
Annie EasleyWilliam "Chuck" Easttom II (born October 5, 1968) is an American computer scientist specializing in cyber security.


== Education ==
Chuck Easttom holds a B.A. from Southeastern Oklahoma State University, a M.Ed. from Southeastern Oklahoma State University, a master's degree in Applied Computer Science from Northcentral University and a Masters in Systems Engineering from the  University of Texas at El Paso, as well as a D.Sc. Doctor of Science in cyber security from  Capitol Technology University dissertation topic "A Comparative Study Of Lattice Based Algorithms For Post Quantum Computing", a Ph.D.Doctor of Philosophy in Technology focused on Nanotechnology dissertation topic "The Effects of Complexity on Carbon Nanotube Failures", and a Ph.D.Doctor of Philosophy in Computer Science from University of Portsmouth dissertation topic "A Systematic Framework for Network Forensics Using Graph Theory".


== Professional work ==
In addition to computer security, Easttom has done work in software engineering., applied mathematics, and other areas. He has authored 31 books on computer security, programming languages, Linux, cyber forensics, penetration testing, and cryptography. His books are used as textbooks for both undergraduate and graduate programs at over 60 universities. He is an inventor with 23 patented computer science inventions. He is a frequent speaker at  major cybersecurity conferences.Easttom was part of the team that created the original  CompTIA Security+  and  CompTIA Linux+ exams. He created the OSFCE (OSForensics Certified Examiner) course and test, the EC Council Certified Encryption Specialist course and certification test, and EC Council CAST Advanced Encryption course  as well as working on other  EC-Council certifications Chuck Easttom has been interviewed regarding cyber security topics by  CNN Money and CBS Smart Planet, and other media outlets, and He has been named a Distinguished Speaker of the  ACM  and a Distinguished Visitor of the  IEEE. He is also a Senior member of the IEEE   and Senior member of the ACM.Easttom is Editor in Chief for the American Journal of Science and Engineering. He was also the director of the Quantum Computing and Cryptography Lab at Capitol Technology University, he is currently an adjunct lecturer for Georgetown University  and an Adjunct professor for the University of Dallas. He is the co-chair for the 2020 ACM Quantum Computing and Engineering conference.


== Books ==
Easttom has authored 31 computer science books.  These include:

Beginning JavaScript, 1st Edition.WordWare Publishing (2001)
JBuilder 7.0 EJB Programming.WordWare Publishing (2002)
Programming Fundamentals in C++.Charles River Learning. 1st Edition, Charles River Media (2003)
Essential Linux Administration: A Comprehensive Guide for Beginners. Cengage Press (2011)
System Forensics, Investigation, and Response, 2nd Edition, Jones & Bartlett (2013)
System Forensics, Investigation, and Response (Information Systems Security & Assurance), 3rd Edition Jones and Bartlett (2017) ISBN 978-1284121841
Certified Cyber Forensics Professional All in One Guide. McGraw-Hill (2014) ISBN 978-0071839761
Computer Security Fundamentals (3rd Edition).  Pearson IT Cybersecurity Curriculum (ITCC) (2016) ISBN 978-0789757463
CompTIA Security+ Study Guide: Exam SY0-501. John Wiley & Sons (2017)
Penetration Testing Fundamentals: A Hands-On Guide to Reliable Security Audits (1st Edition).  Pearson IT Cybersecurity Curriculum (2018) ISBN 978-0789759375
CompTIA Security+ Practice Tests: Exam SY0-501.  Sybex (2018)
Network Defense and Countermeasures: Principles and Practices, 3rd Edition  Pearson IT Cybersecurity Curriculum (ITCC)) (2018)
Networking Fundamentals, 3rd Edition.  Goodheart-Wilcox Publishing) (2018)


== References ==David S. Ebert is a computer scientist, holding the position of Silicon Valley Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering Department at Purdue University. 
Ebert's research focuses on computer graphics and visualization. Currently, he is the director of U.S. DHS Center of Excellence (COE) in Visual Analytics (VACCINE). and Center for Education and Research in Information Assurance and Security (CERIAS)


== Education ==
He received his Ph.D., master, and bachelor degrees in Computer Science from Ohio State University in 1991, 1987, 1986 respectively.


== Career ==
He joined Purdue University as an associate professor in 2000, was promoted to a full professor in 2006.


== Publications ==
Ebert DS, Musgrave FK, Peachey D, Perlin K, Worley S. Texturing & modeling: a procedural approach. Morgan Kaufmann; 2003. Cited 1438 times according to Google Scholar
Zhu F, Bosch M, Woo I, Kim S, Boushey CJ, Ebert DS, Delp EJ. The use of mobile devices in aiding dietary assessment and evaluation. IEEE journal of selected topics in signal processing. 2010 May 27;4(4):756-66. Cited 311 times according to Google Scholar


== References ==


== External links ==
David Ebert's HomepageHerbert Edelsbrunner (born 1958) is a computer scientist working in the field of computational geometry, the Arts & Science Professor of Computer Science and Mathematics at Duke University, Professor at the Institute of Science and Technology Austria (IST Austria), and the co-founder of Geomagic, Inc. He was the first of only three computer scientists to win the National Science Foundation's Alan T. Waterman Award.


== Academic biography ==
Edelsbrunner was born in 1958 in Graz, Austria. He received his Ph.D. in 1982 from Graz University of Technology, under the supervision of Hermann Maurer; his thesis was entitled “Intersection Problems in Computational Geometry.” After a brief assistant professorship at Graz, he joined the faculty of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 1985, and moved to Duke University in 1999. In 1996, with Ping Fu (then director of visualization at the National Center for Supercomputing Applications and his wife), he co-founded Geomagic, a company that develops shape modeling software. Since August 2009 he is Professor at the Institute of Science and Technology Austria (IST Austria) in Klosterneuburg.
In 1991, Edelsbrunner received the Alan T. Waterman Award. He was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2005, and received an honorary doctorate from Graz University of Technology in 2006. In 2008 he was elected to the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina.
In 2014 he became one of ten inaugural fellows of the European Association for Theoretical Computer Science. He is also a member of the Academia Europaea.


== Publications ==
Edelsbrunner has over 100 research publications and is an ISI highly cited researcher.He has also published four books on computational geometry: Algorithms in Combinatorial Geometry (Springer-Verlag, 1987, ISBN 978-3-540-13722-1), Geometry and Topology for Mesh Generation (Cambridge University Press, 2001, ISBN 978-0-521-79309-4), Computational Topology (American Mathematical Society, 2009, 978-0821849255) and A Short Course in Computational Geometry and Topology (Springer-Verlag, 2014, ISBN 978-3-319-05956-3).
As Edelsbrunner's Waterman Award citation states,
Dr. Edelsbrunner is a pioneer in the field of computational geometry. ... Dr. Edelsbrunner has had a tremendous impact on computational geometry by his own research as well as by his 1987 book Algorithms in Combinatorial Geometry which systematized the field in its early days. This book is considered by many people to be still the best textbook and reference source on computational geometry.


== Research contributions ==
Edelsbrunner's most heavily cited research contribution is his work with Ernst Mücke on alpha shapes, a technique for defining a sequence of multiscale approximations to the shape of a three-dimensional point cloud.  In this technique, one varies a parameter alpha ranging from 0 to the diameter of the point cloud; for each value of the parameter, the shape is approximated as the union of line segments, triangles, and tetrahedra defined by 2, 3, or 4 of the points respectively such that there exists a sphere of radius at most alpha containing only the defining points.
Another heavily cited paper, also with Mücke, concerns “simulation of simplicity.” This is a technique for automatically converting algorithms that work only when their inputs are in general position (for instance, algorithms that may misbehave when some three input points are collinear) into algorithms that work robustly, correctly, and efficiently in the face of special-position inputs.
Edelsbrunner has also made important contributions to algorithms for intersections of line segments, construction of K-sets, the ham sandwich theorem, Delaunay triangulation, point location, interval trees, fractional cascading, and protein docking.


== References ==Charles Edge is an American computer scientist and author. Edge is a contributing author for Inc.com and Huffington Post.Edge spent 15 years as the Chief Technology Officer of 318 Inc in Santa Monica and 5 years at Jamf Pro. He is now the Chief Technology Officer of Bootstrappers and HandrailUX. Edge has spoken at Defcon, Blackhat, LinuxWorld, MacSysAdmin, and a number of other conferences.


== Bibliography (author) ==
Mac Tiger Little Black Book. Paraglyph Press, February 2006, ISBN 1-933097-14-0
Web Scripting Little Black Book. Paraglyph Press, April 2007, ISBN 1-933097-19-1
Foundations of Mac OS X Security. Apress, March 2008, ISBN 1-59059-989-6
Enterprise Mac Administrators Guide. Apress, October 2009, ISBN 1-4302-2443-6
Foundations of Mac OS X Snow Leopard Security. Apress, February 2010, ISBN 1-4302-2730-3
Beginning Mac OS X Server. Apress, February 2010, ISBN 1-4302-2772-9
Mac OS X Lion Server. O'Reilley, January 2011, ISBN 1-4493-1605-0
Using Apple Configurator. Packt, January 2012, ISBN 1849694060
Take Control of OS X Yosemite Server. TidBits, January 2013, ISBN 978-1-61542-435-1
Take Control of OS X Mavericks Server. TidBits, January 2014, ISBN 978-1-61542-435-1
Learning iOS Security. Packt, January 2015, ISBN 1783551747
Enterprise Mac Administrators Guide.Apress, September 2015, ISBN 1430224436
Fundamentals of Mac OS X 10.11 Security.Apress, September 2015, ISBN 148421711X
Enterprise Mac Security. Apress, ISBN 148421711X
Build, Run, and Sell Your Apple Consulting Practice. Apress, August 2018, ISBN 9781484238349
Apple Device Management. Apress, January 2020, ISBN 1484253876
The ABCs of Computers (2022)
The Startup Field Guide (2022)
The History of Computers (2023)


== Podcasts ==
Edge maintains the following podcasts:

MacAdmins Podcast https://podcast.macadmins.org
Jamf After Dark Podcast https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/jamf-after-dark/id1434572611
The History Of Computing http://thehistoryofcomputing.net


== Community work ==
Edge works on a number of open source projects including precache, swift-ldif-csv, and jssimporter and serves on the board of directors of Tamarisk and on the corporate council of the Guthrie Theater.
Edge spoke at Black Hat 2007 and was scheduled to give a speech on a vulnerability of the Mac OS X FileVault at Black Hat 2008 but the talk was pulled after he cited a non-disclosure agreement the talk would violate. The talk was later disputed having ever existed.Edge wrote the SANS course on Mac OS X Security in 2007, establishing baseline security practices for Apple and IoT  devices in large-scale environments.Edge founded the Minnesota non-profit Minnesota Computer History Museum in January 2020.


== Editor ==
Edge is on the Editorial team for the Apple Inc. platform, with Apress. Edge was also the technical editor for the following title(s):

Mac OS X for Unix Geeks. O'Reilly, September 2008, ISBN 0-596-52062-X


== References ==Brittany Aubert (born March 9, 1987), better known by the ring name Aubrey Edwards, is an American video game developer and professional wrestling referee currently signed with All Elite Wrestling (AEW). She is also the promotion's project coordinator and the co-host of AEW Unrestricted with Tony Schiavone.


== Career ==


=== Video game industry ===
Edwards has a background in software engineering and computer science, having previously worked in the video game industry as a producer. Edwards was previously employed by 5th Cell, where she worked on the Scribblenauts video game series for more than six years. She started out as a tool programmer for the series' inaugural title and eventually became lead producer of the Wii U launch title Scribblenauts Unlimited.Edwards is involved with the ongoing development of AEW Games.


=== Professional wrestling ===
She became a meme in the wrestling world for appearing on WWE as "Daniel Bryan Crying Girl" which subsequently led to her being offered deals to join the wrestling business.
In August 2019, Edwards wrestled a match for the Seattle, Washington-based independent promotion 3-2-1 BATTLE!. Performing under the ring name "Gearl Hebner", she teamed with Dexter Beckett in a loss to the Legion of Gloom.
In August 2019, Edwards made history at AEW's All Out, as the first woman to referee a professional wrestling world championship match on pay-per-view. She signed with AEW on September 1, 2019, becoming the promotion's first full-time female referee.


== Personal life ==
Before becoming a professional wrestling referee, Edwards practiced classical ballet for 21 years.


== References ==


== External links ==
Aubrey Edwards at IMDb
Aubrey Edwards's profile at Cagematch.net
Meet Aubrey Edwards: From Video Game Maker To All Elite Wrestling Referee on the official Forbes YouTube channelNathen Porter Edwards (August 24, 1922 – May 26, 2016) was a former IBM hardware architect, retired in 1990. He did his military service in the United States Navy from 1942 to 1946, as a LTJG, Deck, USNR, Pacific, Chief Radio Technician, followed by Stanford University, where he gained an MS EE in 1949.
He worked for IBM from 1949 to 1990, as a Staff Member, Thomas J. Watson Research Center, with the position of Senior Engineer for the last 20 years of this period.  He published, sometimes with other authors, 22 technical papers, 14 patents and patent publications — see below.
Between 1949 and 1953, his activities included design and construction of the prototype of the first electronic memory for the IBM 701 computer, and managing digital electronic design for the working prototype of the highly successful AN/FSQ-7 SAGE project.  The SAGE system was a nationwide network of computer centers linked to radar inputs and operated by military personnel using graphic and numeric display terminals whose operators directly controlled the air defense fighter activities in real time.
This was followed by a period working for IBM Data Processing Division as Director of Standards for the company-wide transition from vacuum tube technologies to transistor circuits introduced in IBM's 1400 and 7090 computer product line.  There he was responsible for planning the new circuit standards and financial controls which moved design of circuits and packaging of IBM products from each individual product group to a company-wide standards activity such that manufacture could be changed from manual assembly to fully automatic assembly and test of digital circuit assemblies.  This contributed to the financial success of the IBM 1400 and 7000 series of transistorized computer products.
He then spent two periods of 2 years each in the 1960s and 1980s consulting for the Institute for Defense Analyses (on loan from IBM),  Recommendations were made which changed the IS support of the War Room activities in The Pentagon and studies made provided technology projections for future National Military Command System and World-Wide Military Command Systems.
Edwards then became IBM Director of Interdivisional Technical Liaison, in which position he established a number of IBM internal professional groups and conferences.
This was followed by 2 years as Manager, Custom & Defense Systems, IBM World Trade, where he concentrated on directing IBM's efforts relating to the NATO Air Defense information system (NADGE).
During the 1960s and 1970s Edwards' emphasis was on technical planning and assisting in writing Corporate Strategies, while performing studies of image processing, gallium arsenide circuit performance, and representing IBM Research in the GUIDE Applications Development group (AS-201) (GUIDE is no longer in existence, but was a user group similar to SHARE).  A major report was prepared as a result of the GUIDE studies relating to the potential for use of specification techniques in preparation of computer applications.
Around 1977, he adopted the term configurable modularity, coined by Raoul de Campo of IBM Research to mean the ability to reuse independent components by changing their interconnections, but not their internals, and developed this concept in several papers. He describes this as a characteristic of all systems that can be said to be "engineered", and this is one of the key concepts in the technology now referred to as Flow-Based Programming.
After retirement, Edwards established, with E. C. Lamb, ELI Research and Engineering, Inc. Campbell Stubbs has a 10% interest in ELI R&E, and a patent owned by it (see below).  They have concentrated on the design and patenting of an assembly-line-based data processing architecture which has potential performance in the high Teraflop range, using off-the-shelf hardware, while being simple to program and extremely resistant to hackers and other mischief.  Systems can be built which produce results which can be certified to conform to specification, as is standard practice in physical manufacturing systems.  This work has resulted in granting of U.S. Patent #5,742,823 (see below), issued in the U.S.  and Mexico in 1998, and Canada in 1999.  Patents are currently being issued in Belgium, Switzerland, Ireland, France and Germany.


== References ==


== Publications ==
Edwards, Nathen P.; Tellier, H. (November 1974). "A Look at Characterizing the Design of Information Systems". Proceedings of the ACM National Conference: 612–621.Edwards, Nathen P. (April 1975). "The effect of certain modular design principles on testability". ACM SIGPLAN, Proceedings of the International Conference on Reliable Software: 401–410. doi:10.1145/800027.808463. S2CID 17932700.N.P. Edwards;  et al. (November 1975). "Automated Ellipsometer". IBM Technical Disclosure Bulletin. 18 (6): 2031.Edwards, Nathen P. (August 18, 1977). "On the Architectural Requirements of an Engineered System". IBM Research Report, RC 6688 (#28797), T.J. Watson Research Center, Yorktown Heights, NY.Edwards, Nathen P.; Lamb, E. Charles (April 12, 1989). "Engineered Software". IBM Research Report, T.J. Watson Research Center, Yorktown Heights, NY: 1–23.
U.S. Patent #3,626,384 (1971-12-07) J. B. Davis, N. P. Edwards, H.H. Herd, "Method for Representing Measured Data Values by Coefficient Values".
U.S. Patent #4,239,983 (1980-12-16) N.P. Edwards et al., "Non-destructive charge transfer device differencing circuit".
U.S. Patent #4,885,627 (1989-12-05) N.P. Edwards, "Method and structure for reducing resistance in integrated circuits".
U.S. Patent #5,742,823 (1998-04-21) N.P. Edwards et al., "Total object processing system and method with assembly line features and certification of results".


== External links ==
Obituary at legacy.comW. Keith Edwards is a professor in the School of Interactive Computing at the Georgia Institute of Technology (Georgia Tech) and Director of the GVU Center at Georgia Tech.
Edwards’ research lies generally in the fields of human-computer interaction (HCI) and computer-supported cooperative work (CSCW). He has chaired and published papers in top-tier academic conferences in these fields.


== Early life and education ==
Edwards was born in Fredericksburg, Virginia, USA and grew up in Chattanooga, Tennessee, USA.  After finishing High School, Edwards completed a B.S. in Information and Computer Science, a M.S. in  Information and Computer Science and a Ph.D. in Computer Science at the Georgia Institute of Technology. During his graduate career, Edwards interned at Sun Microsystems and Olivetti Research Center.As a graduate student, Edwards was influenced by Saul Greenberg, whose work in Computer Supported Cooperative Work spoke to his own interest of understanding how what is written into the infrastructure of a software systems and its services effects the human interaction possibilities. Edwards’ graduate research culminated with his dissertation, titled “Coordination Infrastructure in Collaborative Systems.” 


== Career ==
Upon receiving his Ph.D. Edwards spent nine years in the Computer Science Laboratory at Xerox PARC, initially as a member of research staff and ending his career there as Manager of the Ubiquitous Computing group.  While at PARC Edwards wrote Core Jini, an authoritative text for implementing Jini based systems.During his tenure as manager, his group conducted a study of iTunes use, and the zeroconf discovery protocols it relies on, in the workplace whose results were reported in The Washington Post, the San Francisco Chronicle, and other major news agencies. A key finding from this study was that discovery protocols do not just connect content, but connect people as well.
Since arriving at Georgia Tech, Edwards has founded and continues to lead the Pixi Lab. Research from the Pixi lab has received honors including a CHI Best Paper award. Edwards also served as Technical Program Chair for the ACM CHI conference 2010 and is currently serving as a member of Microsoft Corporation's Trustworthy Computing Advisory Board.  Keith also teaches a class on User Interface Software to undergraduate and graduate students.


== References ==


== External links ==
Edwards’ Academic Home Page
Pixi Laboratory Home PageAlexei "Alyosha" A. Efros is a Russian-American computer scientist and associate professor at University of California, Berkeley. He is widely recognized for his contributions to computer vision and his work has been referenced in media outlets including Wired, BBC News, The New York Times, and the New Yorker.


== Biography ==
Efros was born in St. Petersburg, USSR. His father is Alexei L. Efros, then a physics professor at the Ioffe Physico-Technical Institute. His family emigrated to the United States when he was 14 to accommodate his father's career and the family settled in Salt Lake City in 1991. He graduated from the University of Utah in 1997 and attended University of California, Berkeley for his PhD, advised by Jitendra Malik, graduating in 2003. He then spent a year as a research fellow at the University of Oxford to work with Andrew Zisserman. He joined the faculty at Carnegie Mellon University,  where he remained until 2013 when he joined the faculty at UC Berkeley. He received a Guggenheim Fellowship in 2008. He received the 2016 ACM Prize in Computing.


== References ==Susan J. Eggers is an American computer scientist noted for her research on computer architecture 
and compilers.
"Eggers is best known for her foundational work in developing and helping to commercialize simultaneous multithreaded (SMT) processors, one of the most important advancements in computer architecture in the past 30 years. In the mid-1990s, Moore's Law was in full swing and, while computer engineers were finding ways to fit up to 1 billion transistors on a computer chip, the increase in logic and memory alone did not result in significant performance gains. Eggers was among those who argued that increasing parallelism, or a computer's ability to perform many calculations or processes concurrently, was the best way to realize performance gains."(IEEE Computer Society Eckert-Mauchly Award Announcement)
In 2006, Eggers was elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering for contributions to the design and evaluation of advanced processor architectures.


== Biography ==
Eggers received a B.A.  from Connecticut College in 1965. She received a 
Ph.D in Computer Science from the University of California, Berkeley in 1989.
She then joined the Department of Computer Science at University of Washington in 1989 and is now an Emeritus Professor there.


== Awards ==
Eggers has several notable awards including:

Computer architecture community's most prestigious award, the Eckert-Mauchly Award in 2018 for outstanding contribution to simultaneous multi thread processor architectures and multiprocessor sharing and coherency. Eggers is the first woman to win this award.
ACM Fellow in 2002 "for contributions to the design and analysis of multithreaded and shared memory multiprocessors and compiler technology."
IEEE Fellow in 2003
ACM-W Athena Lecturer Award in 2009
AAAS Fellow in 2006
She was elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering in 2006
She won 2011 and 2010 ISCA Influential Paper Awards for her 1996 and 1995 co-authored papers presented at the International Symposium on Computer Architecture.


== References ==


== External links ==
University of Washington: Susan J. Eggers, Department of Computer ScienceAndrzej Ehrenfeucht (Polish: [ˈand.ʐɛj ˈɛrɛnfɔjxt], born August 8, 1932) is a Polish American mathematician and computer scientist. He formulated the Ehrenfeucht–Fraïssé game, using the back-and-forth method given by Roland Fraïssé in his PhD thesis. The Ehrenfeucht–Mycielski sequence is also named after him.
Ehrenfeucht married Alfred Tarski's daughter Ina Tarski. 
In 1971 he was a founding member of the Department of Computer Science at the University of Colorado. Ehrenfeucht is currently teaching and doing research at the University of Colorado, where he runs the project "breaking away" together with Patricia Baggett. The project aims at raising high school students' interest in mathematics and technology with hands-on projects.
Two of his students, Eugene Myers and David Haussler, were contributors to the sequencing of the human genome. Haussler and Myers, along with Harold Gabow, Ross McConnell and Grzegorz Rozenberg spoke at
a two-day symposium in honor of his 80th birthday, which was organized at the University of Colorado in 2012.Two journal issues have come out in his honor, one at his 65th birthday in Lecture Notes in Computer Science, and one at his 80th in Theoretical Computer Science.


== Bibliography ==
Books authored or co-authored by Ehrenfeucht include:

Andrzej Ehrenfeucht, Tero Harju, Ion Petre, David M. Prescott and Grzegorz Rozenberg. Computation in living cells : gene assembly in ciliates. Springer, 2004. ISBN 3-540-40795-2
Patricia Baggett and Andrzej Ehrenfeucht. Breaking Away from the Math Book: creative projects for grades K-6. ISBN 1-56676-299-5
Andrzej Ehrenfeucht, Tero Harju, Grzegorz Rozenberg: The Theory of 2-Structures: A Framework for Decomposition and Transformation of Graphs. World Scientific, 1999. ISBN 981-02-4042-2Ehrenfeucht's papers published in Fundamenta Mathematicae. Access through Wirtualna Biblioteka Nauki.

Chen Chung Chang, Andrzej Ehrenfeucht, "A Characterization of Abelian Groups", Fundamenta Mathematicae 51, No. 2, ss. 141-147 (1962).
Andrzej Ehrenfeucht, "An Application of Games to the Completeness Problem for Formalized Theories", Fundamenta Mathematicae 49, No. 2, ss. 129-141 (1960).
Andrzej Ehrenfeucht, "On Theories Categorical in Power", Fundamenta Mathematicae 44, No. 2, ss. 241-248 (1957).
Andrzej Ehrenfeucht, Andrzej Mostowski, "Models of Axiomatic Theories Admitting Automorphisms", Fundamenta Mathematicae 43, No. 1, ss. 50-68 (1956).


== References ==


== External links ==
Ehrenfeucht's website at the University of Colorado
Breaking away from the mathbook website
Andrzej Ehrenfeucht at DBLP Bibliography Server 
Andrzej Ehrenfeucht at the Mathematics Genealogy ProjectTamar Eilam is an Israeli-American computer scientist at IBM's Thomas J. Watson Research Center at Yorktown Heights, New York whose work for IBM centers around DevOps and configuration management.Eilam completed her Ph.D. in 2000 at the Technion – Israel Institute of Technology. Her dissertation, Cost versus Quality: Tradeoffs in Communication Networks, was jointly supervised by Shlomo Moran and Shmuel Zaks. She immigrated to the US in 2000, after completing her Ph.D., to join IBM Research.In 2014 IBM named her as an IBM Fellow. In 2016, Working Mother magazine named her as one of their Working Mothers of the Year.


== References ==


== External links ==
Tamar Eilam publications indexed by Google ScholarSusan Eisenbach is a Professor of Computer Science at Imperial College London. Her research investigates techniques for producing good software systems that behave appropriately.


== Education ==
Eisenbach completed an undergraduate degree in Mathematics at Vassar College. She completed a masters degree in Mathematical Logic and in Computer Science at the University of London, before working as a school maths teacher.


== Career and research ==
Eisenbach joined the Department of Computing, Imperial College London in September 1983. In 1994 she was appointed Director of Studies, a role she held for 15 years, with overall responsibility for teaching. She took a college wide role as Dean of Teaching and Learning in 2010. In January 2011 she was made Head of the Department of Computing, which she completed September 2016. Currently she is the elected member on College Council. She has supervised numerous PhD students including Diomidis Spinellis and others.She has published several books on programming. In 1981 she published PASCAL for Programmers. She published Program Design With Modula-2 in 1989. She published Reasoned Programming in 1994. Eisenbach's research focuses on how to produce concurrent programs that behave properly.She has championed entrepreneurship amongst the student community.  She is an advisor to the computer education program The Turing Lab, a partnership between Imperial College London graduates and YOOX Net-a-Porter Group. Eisenbach has spoken about the lack of women in technology since 2000. She pointed out that when "computing was less popular, we had far more women students". She was part of a discussion host by The Guardian on how to get more women into technology roles in 2013.


== References ==Sebastian Elbaum is an Argentinian-American computer scientist. During the COVID-19 pandemic, Elbaum was elected a Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers in "recognition of his contributions of testing techniques for evolving systems."


== Early life and education ==
Elbaum received his Ph.D. from the University of Idaho and a Systems Engineering degree from Catholic University of Córdoba.


== Career ==
Upon completing his education, Elbaum accepted a faculty position at the University of Nebraska–Lincoln where he co-founded two international recognized labs, the E2 Software Engineering Lab and the Nimbus Robotics Lab. He received a $36,500 Google Faculty Research Award and National Science Foundation Award for his project "Solving the Search for Code with Inputs and Outputs" for one year. The following year, he collaborated with Carrick Detweiler for their project "Co-Aerial Ecologist: Robotic Water Sampling and Sensing in the Wild" project as part of the National Robotics Initiative. In 2015, Elbaum was appointed to the rank of Willa Cather/Charles Bessey Professorship.Elbaum eventually left the University of Nebraska–Lincoln in 2018 to accept a similar position at the University of Virginia. During the COVID-19 pandemic, Elbaum was elected a Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers in "recognition of his contributions of testing techniques for evolving systems."


== References ==


== External links ==
Sebastian Elbaum publications indexed by Google ScholarTina Eliassi-Rad is an American computer scientist and Professor in the Khoury College of Computer Sciences at Northeastern University. Her research considers the ethics of artificial intelligence and machine learning. She was elected Fellow of the Institute for Scientific Interchange in 2019.


== Early life and education ==
Eliassi-Rad studied computer sciences at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. She earned a bachelor's degree with distinction in 1993, before moving to Illinois to begin graduate program at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign. She returned to Wisconsin for her doctoral research, where she worked on intelligent agents. After graduating, Eliassi-Rad joined the research team at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory.


== Research and career ==
Eliassi-Rad joined Rutgers University as an Assistant Professor in 2010. She moved to Northeastern University in 2016, where she was made Professor in 2020. She is part of the Northeastern University Network Science Institute. She currently teaches the honors inquiry course "Algorithms That Affect Lives."


== Awards and honors ==
2010 United States Department of Energy Office of Science Outstanding Mentor Award
2019 Elected Fellow of the Institute for Scientific Interchange


== Selected publications ==
Sen, Prithviraj; Namata, Galileo; Bilgic, Mustafa; Getoor, Lise; Galligher, Brian; Eliassi-Rad, Tina (2008-09-06). "Collective Classification in Network Data". AI Magazine. 29 (3): 93. doi:10.1609/aimag.v29i3.2157. ISSN 2371-9621.
Henderson, Keith; Gallagher, Brian; Eliassi-Rad, Tina; Tong, Hanghang; Basu, Sugato; Akoglu, Leman; Koutra, Danai; Faloutsos, Christos; Li, Lei (2012-08-12). "RolX: structural role extraction & mining in large graphs". Proceedings of the 18th ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining. KDD '12. Beijing, China: Association for Computing Machinery: 1231–1239. doi:10.1145/2339530.2339723. ISBN 978-1-4503-1462-6. S2CID 458476.
Tong, Hanghang; Faloutsos, Christos; Gallagher, Brian; Eliassi-Rad, Tina (2007-08-12). "Fast best-effort pattern matching in large attributed graphs". Proceedings of the 13th ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining. KDD '07. San Jose, California, USA: Association for Computing Machinery: 737–746. doi:10.1145/1281192.1281271. ISBN 978-1-59593-609-7. S2CID 6238562.


== References ==Faith Ellen (formerly known as Faith E. Fich) is a professor of computer science at the University of Toronto who studies distributed data structures and the theory of distributed computing.She earned her bachelors and masters from the University of Waterloo in 1977 and 1978, respectively, and doctorate in 1982 from the University of California, Berkeley under the supervision of Richard Karp; her dissertation concerned lower bounds for cycle detection and parallel prefix sums. She joined the faculty of the University of Washington in 1983, and moved to Toronto in 1986. From 1997 to 2001, she was the vice chair of SIGACT, the leading international society for theory of computation. From 2006 to 2009, she was chair of the steering committee for PODC, a top international conference for theory of distributed computing. In 2014, she also co-authored the book, Impossibility Results for Distributed Computing.She became a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery in 2014.


== References ==Carla Schlatter Ellis is an American computer scientist and Emeritus Professor of Computer Science at Duke University. She is known for her work in energy management on mobile devices as well as for her dedication to increasing the number of women in the field of computer science. She is one of the founding members of Systers, an international email list of female computer scientists that was founded in 1987. Systers, which was initiated by Ellis and 12 other female computer scientists who met at a Symposium on Operating Systems Principles (SOSP), has since grown to over 3000 members.


== Biography ==
Ellis received the B.S. degree from the University of Toledo, Toledo OH, in 1972 and the M.S. and Ph.D. degrees from the University of Washington, Seattle, in 1977 and 1979. She was a member of the Computer Science faculties at the University of Oregon, Eugene, from 1978 to 1980, and at the University of Rochester, Rochester NY, from 1980 to 1986. In 1986 she moved to Duke University as an Associate Professor, then Professor, and currently Emeritus Professor.


== Awards and honors ==
In 2010, the Association for Computing Machinery named her an ACM Fellow "for contributions to techniques for energy management in mobile devices, and for service to the computing community".When she was the Co-Chair CRA’s Committee on the Status of Women in Computing Research (CRA-W), CRA-W won a 2004 Presidential Award for Excellence in Science, Mathematics, and Engineering Mentoring (PAESMEM) and the 2005 National Science Board Public Service Award.


== References ==


== External links ==
Senior Technical Woman Profile: Carla Ellis, Professor Emerita of Computer Science, Duke University
Duke University: Carla Schlatter Ellis, Department of Computer ScienceClarence "Skip" Ellis (May 11, 1943 – May 17, 2014) was an American computer scientist, and Emeritus Professor of Computer Science and Cognitive Science at the University of Colorado at Boulder. While at the CU-Boulder, he was the director of the Collaboration Technology Research Group and a member of the Institute of Cognitive Science. Ellis was the first African-American to earn a Ph.D. in Computer Science (1969), and the first African-American to be elected a Fellow of the ACM (1997). Ellis was a pioneer in Computer Supported Cooperative Work (CSCW) and Groupware. He and his team at Xerox PARC created OfficeTalk, one of the first groupware systems. Ellis also pioneered Operational Transformation, which is a set of techniques that enables real-time collaborative editing of documents.


== Childhood ==
In 1958, at age 15, Ellis applied for a job as a graveyard shift computer operator at the manufacturing firm Dover to earn money to help his family. He was offered the job because he was the only applicant. Although his job title was computer operator, his main duties were to walk around all night and be visible to prevent break-ins, and to watch over, but not touch, the company's new computer. At the time, Dover's computer was based on vacuum tube technology (2,400 vacuum tubes), used punch cards as input and output, and filled an extremely large room.
In Ellis' free time on the job, he read and re-read the dozens of computer manuals that came with the machine. He taught himself as much as possible about the machine without touching it. Two months after he started the job, Ellis helped the company through an emergency. They had run out of unused punch cards, and needed to use the computer to process payroll by morning. During the emergency, Ellis was the only one who knew how to recycle the used punch cards. He lifted the hood of the computer and disabled the parity check circuitry. The used punch cards were recycled and the company was able to process the payroll. After this experience, the company began to seek him out whenever they had computer problems, and even asked him to operate and program the computer for them. Ellis states that this experience helped ignite his passion for computing.


== High school and college ==
Throughout high school, Ellis' teachers recommended that he attend summer school programs at the local universities in Chicago. This was his first encounter with college-level students and university life. Though poor, Ellis was able to attend Beloit College in the fall of 1960 because the church he and his family attended awarded him a scholarship. In Ellis' junior year, Beloit College received an IBM 1620 as a donation, and he and his chemistry professor were asked to set it up. This was the start of the Beloit College computer lab, of which Ellis was the director. During the early 1960s, Beloit didn't offer a degree in computer science, however, Ellis was able to substitute some of his science laboratory work with computer projects. In 1964, Ellis received a B.S. degree from Beloit double majoring in math and physics.
After graduating from Beloit, Ellis enrolled in MIT for graduate school, but only stayed a short time because of his civil rights activism. He eventually attended graduate school at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, where he worked on hardware, software, and applications of the ILLIAC IV supercomputer. In 1969, Clarence Ellis earned a Ph.D. in computer science from UIUC, becoming the first African-American to do so. His Ph.D. advisor was David E. Muller.


== Career ==
Ellis worked at Bell Labs from 1969 to 1972 on probability theory applied to the theory of computing. In 1972 he became an assistant professor and a founding member of the computer science department at the University of Colorado Boulder to work on operating systems research.Ellis accepted a position three years later as an assistant professor in EECS at MIT to work on research related to ARPANET. He left MIT after one year to start work at Xerox PARC and Stanford University. Ellis remained at Xerox PARC and Stanford University for nearly a decade. During his time there, he worked on the icon-based GUI, object-oriented programming languages, and groupware systems. "He was part of the team of sociologists, psychologists and computer scientists who worked on Alto, the world’s first personal computer (PC) and its related interfaces and software. Many of these innovations from the 1970s that Ellis was part of were later widely commercialized, for example in Apple’s Lisa computer and Microsoft’s MS-DOS software. At PARC, Ellis headed the Office Research Group, which developed the first office system to use icons and Ethernet for collaborating at a distance.”In the mid-1980s, Ellis led the Groupware Research Group at the Microelectronics and Computer Technology Corporation (MCC). While at MCC, he led efforts in Real-time Collaborative Editing, and pioneered the field of Operational transformation. In the early 1990s, Ellis left MCC to become the Chief Architect of the FlowPath workflow product of Bull S.A. in France.In 1992, Ellis returned to the University of Colorado Boulder as full professor with tenure in the computer science department. There he continued his work on groupware, in particular next-generation, large-scale Workflow systems, and agent-mediated meeting support systems. In 2009, he became an emeritus professor at the University, where he insisted on periodically teaching an introductory computing course to “encourage students of all ethnicities to expand their horizons." To provide further opportunities for students to pursue science and engineering, Ellis “helped establish the 10-week Summer Multicultural Access to Research Training (SMART) program at the university.” In 2013, Ellis won a Fulbright Scholarship to teach and perform research in the computer science department at Ashesi University. At Ashesi, his research interests were developing computer systems to simulate alternative forms of government for developing countries.


== Death ==
Ellis dedicated much of his work in later years to Ashesi University in Accra, Ghana. He died unexpectedly at the age of 71 of a pulmonary embolism during a flight home from Ghana on May 17, 2014.


== References ==James Tice Ellis (May 6, 1956 – June 28, 2001) was an American computer scientist best known as the co-creator of Usenet, along with Tom Truscott.Ellis was born in Nashville, Tennessee to Henry Ellis (an auditor and teacher) and Elsa Ellis. James Ellis grew up in Orlando, Florida. Before developing Usenet, Ellis attended Duke University. After graduating, Ellis worked for the Microelectronics Center of North Carolina in Research Triangle Park, N.C. He later worked as an Internet security consultant for Sun Microsystems. He was also Manager of Technical Development at CERT. He came up with the word Usenet.Ellis and Truscott were awarded the 1995 USENIX Life Time Achievement Award.


== Personal life and death ==
Ellis and his wife, Carolyn, had two children.
He died of non-Hodgkin lymphoma, a form of blood cancer, at his home in Harmony, Pennsylvania on June 28, 2001. He was 45.


== References ==


== External links ==
Usenet creator Jim Ellis dies, Associated Press, on USAToday.com, June 29, 2001, retrieved on December 22, 2006.
Second Annual EFF Pioneer AwardsMootaz Elnozahy is a computer scientist. He is currently a professor of computer science at the computer, electrical and mathematical science, and engineering (CEMSE) division at King Abdullah University of Science and Technology. He previously served as Special Advisor to the President and Dean of CEMSE. Elnozahy's research area is in systems, including high-performance computing, power-aware computing, fault tolerance, operating systems, system architecture, and distributed systems. His work on rollback-recovery is now a standard component of graduate courses in fault-tolerant computing, and he has made seminal contributions in checkpoint/restart, and in general on the complex hardware-software interactions in resilience. 


== Early life and education ==
Born Elmootazbellah Nabil Elnozahy ( المعتزبالله نبيل النزهي ) on March 21, 1962, in Cairo, Egypt, where he attended the Lycée Francais du Caire from 1966 to 1979. He obtained his B.S. in electrical engineering (1984), M.S. in computer engineering (1987) – both from Cairo University. He moved to Houston, Texas, to attend Rice University, where he earned his M.S. and Ph.D. in computer science (1990 and 1993).
In 1993, he received the Ralph Budd Award for the best Ph.D. thesis in Engineering from Rice University. For 3 years, he was holder of IBM graduate fellowship while a graduate student at Rice. Mootaz won a Research Division Award at Thomas J. Watson Research Center(1992) for his contributions to the Highly Available Network File Server (HANFS) Project.


== Career ==
In 1993, he joined Carnegie Mellon as an assistant professor of Computer Science until he accepted a staff research member position at IBM Research division in 1997. From 1994 to 1997, he was a visiting research scientist at Bell Communications Research (Bellcore) as well as a consultant at Bell Laboratories Research (Lucent Technologies).
In 2005, he joined the Systems and Technology division at IBM as a senior technical staff, then, later, assumed a senior management position at IBM research in 2007 until 2012. In 2006, IBM awarded him the Master Inventor for life title, in recognition of his 56 U.S. Patents. Dr. Elnozahy collected various other IBM awards, including the Outstanding Invention Award, for innovative solutions in the Bureau of Census project in 2002, the President's Award in 2003, and the Outstanding Technical Achievement Award in 2008.
In 1998, he accepted an adjunct assistant professor in the Department of Computer Science at the University of Texas at Austin and became an adjunct professor in the same department and university in 2012 before accepting his current position at King Abdullah University of Science and Technology.


=== Selected publications ===
Melhem R; Mosse D; Elnozahy E. "The Interplay of Power Management and Fault Recovery in Real-Time Systems", IEEE Transactions on Computers, vol. 53, no. 2, pp. 217–231, February 2004.
Elnozahy, E.N., Speight, E., Li, J., Rajamony, R., Zhang, L., Arimilli, L.B. "PERCS System Architecture", Encyclopedia of Parallel Computing, Springer Verlag, pp. 1506–1515, 2011.
Elnozahy EN; Plank JS. "Checkpointing for Peta-Scale Systems: A Look into the Future of Practical Rollback-Recovery", IEEE Transactions on Dependable and Secure Computing, vol. 1, no. 2, pp. 97—108, February 2004.
Elnozahy EN; Alvisi L; Wang YM; et al. "A Survey of Rollback-Recovery Protocols in Message Passing Systems", ACM Computing Surveys, vol. 34, no. 3, September 2002.
Elnozahy EN; Zwaenepoel W. "Manetho: Transparent Rollback-Recovery with Low Overhead, Limited Rollback and Fast Output Commit", IEEE Transactions on Computers, Special Issue on Fault-Tolerant Computing, 41(5): 526–531, May 1992.


=== Awards ===
1995 – Career award from the National Science Foundation
2003 – Trailblazer Award from the University of Texas at Austin
2005 – Best Paper Award, 8th IEEE International Conference on Network Protocols
2010 – elected Fellow Member of the IEEE "For contributions to rollback-recovery, low-power computing, highly-available file systems, and reliable computing systems"
2011 – Best Paper Award, 2nd International Green Computing Conference
2013 – elected member, IFIP 10.4 Working Group


== References ==


== External links ==
Mootaz Elnozahy publications indexed by Google Scholar
Mootaz Elnozahy faculty profile at kaust.edu.saE. Allen Emerson (born June 2, 1954) is an American computer scientist. He is Professor and
Regents Chair Emeritus at the University of Texas, Austin, United States.
He won the 2007 A.M. Turing Award along with Edmund M. Clarke and Joseph Sifakis for the invention and
development of model checking.
He is also the recipient of the 1998 ACM Paris Kanellakis Award Theory and Practice Award for symbolic model checking.He received his BS degree in mathematics from the University of Texas, Austin in 1976 and his PhD degree in applied mathematics at Harvard University in 1981.


== See also ==
List of pioneers in computer science


== References ==


== External links ==
E. Allen Emerson – A.M. Turing Award
E. Allen Emerson's homepage at the University of Texas at Austin
Turing Award announcement
Kanellakis Award
E. Allen Emerson at the Mathematics Genealogy Project
E. Allen Emerson publications indexed by Microsoft AcademicEric Enge is a search engine optimization (SEO) consultant, businessman, author, and public speaker. He is the founder of Stone Temple Consulting.


== Early career ==
Enge graduated from Northeastern University. In 1987, Enge was the head of engineering at Phoenix Technologies, where he led a team that had previously cloned IBM's BIOS and oversaw the campaign to expand applications of Phoenix's BIOS.In the 1990s he helped AOL build up its subscriber base.


== Stone Temple Consulting ==
In 1997, Enge founded Stone Temple Consulting, a digital marketing consulting service group based in Framingham, Massachusetts. During his time at Stone Temple, Enge started up and ran three publishing companies: FutureMeld, LLC, Moving Traffic Inc., and Optimized Internet Corp. Those three companies have since been sold.Enge has spoken at conferences including Pubcon, Search Marketing Expo, the American Marketing Association, SEMPO, Internet Retailer, O'Reilly, Web 2.0, State of Search, MN Search, Growth Hacking Breakfast, Ungagged, and HostingCon. Enge has delivered keynotes at Pubcon, Rocks Digital Conference, and SEO Meetup Conference, and has conducted a series of online Virtual keynote interviews with Google search engineers.In July 2018, Stone Temple was acquired by digital IT consulting firm Perficient. Enge is now General Manager for Digital Marketing at Perficient.


== Awards ==
Enge was named "Search Personality of the Year 2016" and Stone Temple Consulting was awarded "Best Large SEO Agency of the Year 2016" at the US Search Awards in Las Vegas, Nevada, and Enge was named "Search Marketer of the Year 2016 (Male)" at Search Engine Land's Landy Awards in New York City.


== Writing ==


=== Books ===
In 2009, Enge co-authored The Art of SEO (Theory in Practice) with Stephan Spencer, Rand Fishkin, and Jessie Stricchiola. The book was published by O'Reilly Media. The Art of SEO was named Search Engine Land's best SEO book for 2009. It is used a textbook for many university courses. The third edition of The Art of SEO was published in August 2015.


=== Blogging ===
Enge contributes to a number of SEO-related websites including columns on Search Engine Land, Marketing Land, and Moz (formerly SEOmoz). He also is a contributor to Forbes, Convince and Convert, Social Media Today, and Copyblogger.His studies of digital marketing topics and trends have been cited by major publications such as The Washington Post, Fast Company, The Wall Street Journal, and The Motley Fool.


== Bibliography ==
Enge, Eric, Stephan Spencer, Jessie Stricchiola, and Rand Fishkin. The Art of SEO: Mastering Search Engine Optimization. O'Reilly & Associates, 2009. ISBN 0596518862. (2012 2nd ed. ISBN 1449304214; 2015 3rd ed. ISBN 1491948965)


== References ==Barbara Elizabeth Engelhardt is an American computer scientist and specialist in bioinformatics. Working as a Professor at Princeton University, her work has focused on latent variable models, exploratory data analysis for genomic data, and QTLs. In 2021, she was awarded the Overton Prize by the International Society for Computational Biology.


== Education ==
Engelhardt received a Bachelor of Science in Symbolic Systems and a Master of Science in Computer Science from Stanford University. She received a PhD in 2008 from the University of California, Berkeley supervised by Michael I. Jordan.  


== Career and research ==
Engelhardt worked as a postdoctoral researcher at the University of Chicago in the Department of Human Genetics with Matthew Stephens from 2008 to 2011.  She joined Duke University in 2011 as an assistant professor in the Biostatistics and Bioinformatics Department. She moved to Princeton University as an assistant professor in 2014 and received a promotion to Associate Professor with tenure in 2017. As of 2021, she holds the rank of Professor.After graduating from Stanford, Engelhardt worked at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in the Artificial Intelligence group for two years, working on planning and scheduling for autonomous spacecraft. As a graduate student at Berkeley, she developed statistical models for protein function annotation and statistical frameworks for reasoning about ontologies. During her postdoctoral research, she developed sparse factor analysis models for population structure and Bayesian models for association testing.In her faculty position, the bulk of Engelhardt's research focused on developing latent variable models and exploratory data analysis for genomic data, and also on statistical models for association testing in expression QTLs. As a member of the Genotype Tissue Expression (GTEx) Consortium, her group was responsible for the trans-eQTL discovery and analysis in the GTEx v6 and v8 data.Post tenure, Engelhardt's research in these latent variable models has expanded to include single cell sequencing, with a particular focus on spatial transcriptomics.  She also has work on Bayesian experimental design using contextual multi-armed bandits, and has adapted this work to the novel species problem in order to inform single cell data collection for atlas building. Her work has also expanded into machine learning for electronic healthcare records.Engelhardt's work has been featured in Quanta Magazine. In 2017, she gave a TEDx talk entitled: 'Not What but Why: Machine Learning for Understanding Genomics.'


=== Honors and awards ===
Engelhardt's research has been funded by the National Institutes of Health through two R01 grants and a number of other mechanisms. Engelhardt has been recognized by several awards including an Alfred P. Sloan Fellowship in Computational Biology, a National Science Foundation CAREER Award, two Chan Zuckerberg Initiative grants for the Human Cell Atlas, and a Fast Grant for her recent work on COVID-19. In 2021, she was awarded the Overton Prize by the International Society for Computational Biology.Engelhardt's postdoctoral work was partly funded through an NIH NHGRI K99 grant, and her PhD was partly funded through an NSF Graduate Research Fellowship and the Google Anita Borg Scholarship in 2005. She received SMBE's Walter M. Fitch Prize in 2004.


=== Service and leadership ===
Engelhardt served on the Board of Directors (2014–2017) and the Senior Advisory Council (2017–present) for Women in Machine Learning. She is the Diversity & Inclusion Co-chair at the International Conference on Machine Learning (ICML, 2018–2022). In 2019, she was a member of the NIH Advisory Committee to the Director, Working Group on Artificial Intelligence


== References ==Carl Engelman (October 21, 1929 – November 26, 1983) was an American computer scientist. Carl is best known as the creator of MATHLAB. He was employed by Mitre Corporation and Symbolics.
He was a visiting professor at the University of Turin through a grant provided by National Research Council (Italy).


== References ==Dawson R. Engler is an American computer scientist and an associate professor of computer science and electrical engineering at Stanford University.


== Career ==
After graduating from University of Arizona, Engler earned his Ph.D. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1998 while working with Frans Kaashoek in the MIT CSAIL Parallel and Distributed Operating Systems Group. The focus of his graduate studies was the exokernel.Engler is currently an associate professor of computer science and electrical engineering at Stanford University. In 2002, he co-founded Coverity with several of his students to commercialize his group's work in static code analysis for bug-finding technology.


== Awards and honors ==
Engler and his co-authors received the Best Paper award at USENIX's OSDI conferences in 2000, 2004, and 2008. With his students Cristian Cadar and Daniel Dunbar, he was jointly awarded the 2018 SIGOPS Hall of Fame Award for their paper at the 2008 conference.Engler won the 2006 SIGOPS Mark Weiser Award for his work in operating systems research. In 2008, he received the Grace Murray Hopper Award for "ground-breaking work on automated program checking and bug-finding".


== Selected publications ==
Cadar, C.; Dunbar, D.; Engler, D. (December 8, 2008). "Klee: Unassisted and automatic generation of high-coverage tests for complex systems programs". Proceedings of the 8th USENIX Symposium on Operating Systems Design and Implementation, OSDI 2008: 209–224.
Engler, D. R.; Kaashoek, M. F.; O'Toole, J. (1995). "Exokernel: an operating system architecture for application-level resource management". Proceedings of the fifteenth ACM symposium on Operating systems principles  - SOSP '95: 251–266. doi:10.1145/224056.224076.
Cadar, Cristian; Ganesh, Vijay; Pawlowski, Peter M.; Dill, David L.; Engler, Dawson R. (2006). "EXE: automatically generating inputs of death". Proceedings of the 13th ACM conference on Computer and communications security  - CCS '06: 322–335. doi:10.1145/1180405.1180445.
Engler, Dawson; Ashcraft, Ken (December 2003). "RacerX: effective, static detection of race conditions and deadlocks". ACM SIGOPS Operating Systems Review. 37 (5): 237–252. doi:10.1145/1165389.945468.
Engler, Dawson; Chen, David Yu; Hallem, Seth; Chou, Andy; Chelf, Benjamin (December 2001). "Bugs as deviant behavior: a general approach to inferring errors in systems code". ACM SIGOPS Operating Systems Review. 35 (5): 57–72. doi:10.1145/502059.502041.


== References ==


== External links ==
Dawson Engler on the Stanford University website
Dawson Engler publications indexed by Google ScholarHoward T. Engstrom (1902 – 1962) was a Yale University mathematics professor and headed research operations at the United States Navy's Communication Supplementary Activities CSAW during World War II. Along with William Norris and others he founded Engineering Research Associates in 1946.  He was one of the co-creators of the Univac computer, and served as deputy director of the National Security Agency.


== Education ==
Engstrom graduated with a bachelor's degree in chemical engineering from Northeastern University in 1925, and received a master's from the University of Maine in 1922, where he also worked as a mathematics instructor. He was announced as an Instructor of mathematics at Yale in 1927, received his PhD from Yale in 1929, and was promoted to associate professor in 1941.Engstrom "was a national research fellow at the California Institute of Technology in 1930 and an international research fellow at Göttingen, Germany, in 1931". He was also a "fellow of the Institute of Radio Engineers and of Davenport College".


== Military and professional career ==
Engstrom resigned from Yale to enter military service in 1941. He attained the rank of captain  in the Navy and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy), the Order of the British Empire, the Naval Reserve Medal, and a Presidential Unit Citation (United States).Engstrom served as vice president and director of marketing of scientific systems for Sperry Rand's Remington Rand Univac division from 1952–1956, and co-created the Univac.Engstrom served at the National Security Agency for two years, beginning in October, 1956. Upon his departure, Secretary of Defense Neil H. McElroy cited him for "exceptional meritorious civilian service" in directing the agency's research program.


== Death ==
Engstrom died at the age of 59 after suffering a months-long illness.


== Notes ==


== References ==
Boslaugh, David (2003). When Computers Went to Sea: The Digitization of the United States Navy. Wiley-IEEE Computer Society. ISBN 978-0471472209.
Murray, Charles (1997). The Supermen: The Story of Seymour Cray and the Technical Wizards behind the Supercomputer. John Wiley & Sons. ISBN 0-471-04885-2.
"H. T. Engstrom, Scientist, Was 59: One of the Developers of Univac Computer Dies". New York Times. 10 March 1962. p. 21.
"Remington Rand Univac Names a Vice President". New York Times. 4 August 1958. p. 31.Natalie Dana Enright Jerger (née Enright) is an American computer scientist known for research in computer science including computer architecture and interconnection networks.


== Education and career ==
Born in Plainfield, New Jersey, she attended Kent Place School and received a BS in computer engineering from Purdue University in 2002. She received an MS in Electrical Engineering from University of Wisconsin-Madison in 2004 and a PhD in Electrical Engineering from University of Wisconsin-Madison in 2008.
She joined the Edward S. Rogers Sr. Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of Toronto in 2009 as an Assistant Professor.  She was promoted to Associated Professor in 2014 and to Professor in 2017, becoming the Percy Edward Hart Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering. Enright Jerger co-chairs the ACM Council on Diversity and Inclusion.


== Recognition ==
2014: Young Engineer Medal from Professional Engineers Ontario.
2015: CRA-W Anita Borg Early Career Award (BECA). 2015 Alfred P. Sloan Research Fellowship.
2018: Named an ACM Distinguished Member.
2019: Canada Research Chair in Computer Architecture.
2019: University of Toronto McLean Award.
2021: Elected as an IEEE Fellow "for contributions to networks-on-chip for many-core architectures".


== Personal life ==
Enright Jerger is the grand-daughter of professional baseball player Tony Lupien, the great-granddaughter of Ulysses J. Lupien and cousin of wrestler and actor John Cena.


== References ==


== External links ==
University of Toronto: Natalie Enright Jerger, Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering
Natalie Enright Jerger publications indexed by Google ScholarJeffrey Lee Eppinger (born ca 1960) is an American computer scientist, entrepreneur and Professor of the Practice at the Carnegie Mellon University, School of Computer Science, Institute for Software Research.
Eppinger was a student at Carnegie Mellon University where he earned a Bachelor of Science in 1982, a Master of Science in 1987, and a PhD in Computer Science in 1988. His advisors were Alfred Spector and Richard Rashid.
Eppinger was a co-founder of Transarc Corporation, which was bought by IBM in 1994.
At Carnegie Mellon, Eppinger's dissertation demonstrated the integration of the Mach Operating System's virtual memory with the Camelot Transaction System.  This recoverable virtual memory concept was subsequently used to implement the Coda File System.
In 1983, Eppinger won the George E. Forsythe Award for his research in binary search trees. Eppinger had made empirical studies of their behaviour under random deletions and insertions.


== References ==


== External links ==
Jeff Eppinger's HomeDavid Arthur Eppstein (born 1963) is an American computer scientist and mathematician. He is a Distinguished Professor of computer science at the University of California, Irvine. He is known for his work in computational geometry, graph algorithms, and recreational mathematics. In 2011, he was named an ACM Fellow.


== Biography ==
Born in Windsor, England, in 1963, Eppstein received a B.S. in Mathematics from Stanford University in 1984, and later an M.S. (1985) and Ph.D. (1989) in computer science from Columbia University, after which he took a postdoctoral position at Xerox's Palo Alto Research Center. He joined the UC Irvine faculty in 1990, and was co-chair of the Computer Science Department there from 2002 to 2005. In 2014, he was named a Chancellor's Professor. In October 2017, Eppstein was one of 396 members elected as fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science.Eppstein is also an amateur digital photographer.


== Research interests ==
In computer science, Eppstein's research has included work on minimum spanning trees, shortest paths, dynamic graph data structures, graph coloring, graph drawing and geometric optimization. He has published also in application areas such as finite element meshing, which is used in engineering design, and in computational statistics, particularly in robust, multivariate, nonparametric statistics.
Eppstein served as the program chair for the theory track of the ACM Symposium on Computational Geometry in 2001, the program chair of the ACM-SIAM Symposium on Discrete Algorithms in 2002, and the co-chair for the International Symposium on Graph Drawing in 2009.


== Selected publications ==
Eppstein, David (1999). "Finding the k shortest paths" (PDF). SIAM Journal on Computing. 28 (2): 652–673. CiteSeerX 10.1.1.39.3901. doi:10.1109/SFCS.1994.365697. ISBN 978-0-8186-6580-6. S2CID 31351733.
Eppstein, D.; Galil, Z.; Italiano, G. F.; Nissenzweig, A. (1997). "Sparsification—a technique for speeding up dynamic graph algorithms". Journal of the ACM. 44 (5): 669–696. doi:10.1145/265910.265914.
Amenta, N.; Bern, M.; Eppstein, D. (1998). "The Crust and the β-Skeleton: Combinatorial Curve Reconstruction" (PDF). Graphical Models and Image Processing. 60 (2): 125–135. doi:10.1006/gmip.1998.0465. Archived from the original (PDF) on 2009-12-17.
Bern, Marshall; Eppstein, David (1992). "Mesh generation and optimal triangulation" (PDF). Technical Report CSL-92-1. Lecture Notes Series on Computing. Xerox PARC. 4: 47–123. doi:10.1142/9789812831699_0003. ISBN 978-981-02-1876-8. Republished in Du, D.-Z.; Hwang, F. K., eds. (1992). Computing in Euclidean Geometry. World Scientific. pp. 23–90.


=== Books ===
Eppstein, D.; Falmagne, J.-Cl.; Ovchinnikov, S. (2008). Media Theory: Interdisciplinary Applied Mathematics. Springer-Verlag. doi:10.1007/978-3-540-71697-6. ISBN 978-3-642-09083-7.Eppstein, D. (2018). Forbidden Configurations in Discrete Geometry. Cambridge University Press. doi:10.1017/9781108539180. ISBN 978-1-108-43913-8.


== See also ==
Eppstein's algorithm


== References ==


== External links ==
David Eppstein's profile at the University of California, Irvine
David Eppstein at DBLP Bibliography Server 
David Eppstein publications indexed by Google ScholarErik J. Larson is an American writer, tech entrepreneur, computer scientist. He is author of The Myth of Artificial Intelligence: Why Computers Can’t Think the Way We Do.He has written for The Atlantic, the Los Angeles Review of Books, Wired, and professional journals. His other projects include two DARPA-funded startups, the most recent a company that provides influence rankings for colleges and universities using an influence ranking algorithm.


== Education ==
Larson graduated from Whitworth University in Spokane, Washington in 1994 as an All America Scholar Athlete. He earned a Ph.D. in philosophy from The University of Texas at Austin in 2009, where his dissertation was a hybrid combining work in computer science, linguistics, and philosophy.


== Career ==
In the early 2000s, Larson worked for Cycorp, home of the Cyc artificial intelligence project, on a knowledge-based approach to network security. He then researched and published articles on knowledge base technology, ontology, and the Semantic Web for the Digital Media Collaboratory, a research lab founded by American businessman George Kozmetsky affiliated with the Innovation, Creativity, and Capital Institute, at The University of Texas at Austin. He founded his first company, Knexient, in 2009 with funding from DARPA to process open source text documents using his Hierarchical Document Classifier algorithm. Larson later co-founded Influence Networks after developing an algorithm to produce web-based rankings of colleges and universities with funding from DARPA. The algorithm is the foundation for the AcademicInflunce.com InfluenceRanking Engine. In 2020 Larson joined Knowledge Based Systems, Inc. in College Station, Texas as a Research Scientist specializing in natural language processing.Larson has also written articles for  The Atlantic, Los Angeles Review of Books, and Wired magazine,as well as for The Metro Silicon Valley and Inference: International Review of Science.


== The Myth of Artificial Intelligence ==
Larson's book, The Myth of Artificial Intelligence: Why Computers Can’t Think the Way We Do (ISBN 9780674983519 ) was published by Harvard University Press on April 6, 2021. In the book, "Larson argues that AI hype is both bad science and bad for science. A culture of invention thrives on exploring unknowns, not overselling existing methods. Inductive AI will continue to improve at narrow tasks, but if we want to make real progress, we will need to start by more fully appreciating the only true intelligence we know—our own."In his endorsement of The Myth of Artificial Intelligence, venture capitalist Peter Thiel wrote "If you want to know about AI, read this book...it shows how a supposedly futuristic reverence for Artificial Intelligence retards progress when it denigrates our most irreplaceable resource for any future progress: our own human intelligence.” The book also received endorsements from writer John Horgan and CEO of the Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence Oren Etzioni. It has been reviewed for Engadget, Fast Company, The Financial Times, Inside Story, The New Atlantis, The New York Review of Books, R&A Enterprise Architecture, Tech Monitor, TechTalks, The Times Literary Supplement, Towards Data Science, The Wall Street Journal, and The Wire India.  Larson has also made several media appearances in relation to the book, such as the Lawfare podcast.


== References ==Yaniv Erlich is an Israeli-American scientist. He is an Associate Professor of Computer Science at Columbia University and the Chief Science Officer of MyHeritage. Erlich's work combines computer science and genomics.


== Biography ==
Erlich was born in Israel. He earned BSc in Brain Sciences in 2006 from Tel Aviv University and a PhD in bioinformatics in 2010 from Watson School of Biological Sciences at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory. From 2010 to 2015, Erlich was a Fellow at the Whitehead Institute, MIT. Since 2015, he leads a lab at Columbia University in computational genomics 


== Scientific work ==


=== Crowd sourcing genomic information ===
Erlich's team published a study in the journal Science that reported crowd-sourcing of tens of millions of genealogical records from the website Geni.com. The team was able to create a single family tree of 13 million people that are all connected and spans tens of generations and over 600 years of history. The study used the data to analyze the genetics of longevity and familial dispersionIn a different line of studies, Erlich and Joe Pickrell put together a website called DNA.Land to crowd source genomic datasets of participants of consumer genomics. The website collected over 130,000 datasets by November 2018.


=== Genetic Privacy ===
The Erlich group published several studies on the subject of genetic privacy. In 2013, they reported the possibility of recovering the surname of a male from his allegedly anonymous genomic dataset, which can lead to tracing his full identity. The technique exploits the co-inheritance of surnames and Y-chromosomes in most societies. Thus, by comparing the Y-chromosome of the person of interest to genetic genealogy databases of Y-chromosomes, it is possible in some cases to infer the surname. The team estimated that 12% of males in the US are subject to successful surname recovery. The team also demonstrated that after recovering the surname, basic demographic identifiers such as age and state of residency can permit tracing back the identity of the individual. To demonstrate the power of technique, they recover the identity of multiple 1000 Genomes by surname inference.
In 2014, Erlich and Arvind Narayanan published a survey of hacking techniques to genomic datasets. They predicted that autosomal searches in GEDmatch can be used to trace back the identity of anonymous people once the GEDmatch user base will reach a certain size, which indeed happened in 2018, where the website used to capture the Golden State Killer.
In 2018, the Erlich team published a study in Science that reported that about 60% of US individuals of European descent have at least a 3rd cousin match in GEDmatch, which can theoretically permit their identification. In two to three years, virtually any person in this ethnic group can be theoretically traced using this technique, if the current rate of growth in GEDmatch will continue. The team suggested a cryptographic signature technique to reduce the chance of misusing direct to consumer websites by police searches.


== References ==Deborah Estrin (born December 6, 1959) is a Professor of Computer Science at Cornell Tech. She is co-founder of the non-profit Open mHealth and gave a TEDMED talk on small data in 2013.Estrin is known for her work on sensor networks, participatory sensing, mobile health, and small data. She is one of the most-referenced computer scientists of all time, with her work cited over 128,000 times according to Google Scholar.In 2009, Estrin was elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering for the pioneering design and application of heterogeneous wireless sensing systems for environmental monitoring.


== Career ==
Estrin earned a PhD in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from MIT in 1985, under the supervision of Jerry Saltzer. She has also received honorary degrees recognizing her work: a degree honoris causa from EPFL in 2008, and an honorary doctorate degree from Uppsala University, Sweden in 2011.Estrin was a Professor of Computer Science at the University of Southern California between 1986 and 2001, and at the UCLA between 2001 and 2013, where she was the founding director of the NSF-funded Center for Embedded Networked Sensing (CENS). In 2012, Cornell Tech announced Estrin as the first academic hire to the high-tech campus in New York City. At Cornell Tech, Estrin is the Robert V. Tishman '37 Professor of Computer Science. She is also the founder of the Health Tech hub and director of the Small Data Lab, and a member of the Connected Experiences Lab.Estrin's research has focused on using mobile devices and sensors to collect and analyze data, with applications to health and well-being. Her non-profit startup, Open mHealth, created open data sharing standards and tools that allow developers of health applications to store, process, and visualize data. Her research also explores immersive recommendation systems and the privacy implications of user modeling and data use.Estrin has received numerous academic and popular recognitions for her research. She was named one of Popular Science's "Brilliant 10" in 2003. In 2007, she was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, and in 2009 was inducted into the National Academy of Engineering. She is a fellow of the ACM and the IEEE. In 2018 she was elected as a McArthur Fellow for "Designing open-source platforms that leverage mobile devices and data to address socio-technological challenges such as personal health management".
She is the daughter of the late Gerald Estrin, also a UCLA Computer Science professor, and of the late Thelma Estrin, a pioneering engineer and computer scientist also at UCLA.  She is the sister of Judy Estrin, and a wife to Ache Stokelman. She is known for being a great mentor to her students, and for her sense of humor.


== Awards ==
1987: National Science Foundation's Presidential Young Investigator Award
2007: Anita Borg Institute Women of Vision Award for Innovation
2008: Doctor Honoris Causa EPFL
2009: National Academy of Engineering
2011: Doctor Honoris Causa Uppsala University, Sweden
2017: IEEE Internet Award
2018: MacArthur Genius GrantEstrin is featured in the Notable Women in Computing cards.


== See also ==
Henry Samueli School of Engineering and Applied Science


== References ==


== External links ==
TEDMED talk on small data, 2013
Open mHealth
Biography of Deborah Estrin
Publications
Video (6 min.) of Deborah Estrin being awarded the Anita Borg Institute's Women of Vision Award, 2007
Video (4 min.) of Deborah Estrin's acceptance speech for the Anita Borg Institute's Women of Vision Award, 2007
Center for Embedded Networked Sensing (CENS) home pageGerald Estrin (September 9, 1921 – March 29, 2012) was an American computer scientist, and professor at the UCLA Computer Science Department. He is known for his work on the organization of computer systems, on parallel processing and SARA (system architects apprentice).


== Early life and education ==
Estrin was born in New York City in 1921. He met his future wife Thelma Austern in 1941 at City College, New York and they were married when he was 20 and she was 17. Estrin entered the Army during World War II, after which he and Thelma Estrin entered the University of Wisconsin-Madison, where they both earned degrees in Electrical Engineering. Estrin received his B.S, M.S. and Ph.D. degrees from the University of Wisconsin in 1948, 1949, and 1951, respectively.


== Institute for Advanced Study ==
Estrin served as research engineer in the von Neumann group at IAS from 1950 to 1956. This led to an invitation from the Weizmann Institute of Science in Israel to direct the WEIZAC Project. Estrin and his wife went to Israel for the WEIZAC Project in 1954, after which Estrin returned to a teaching position at UCLA in 1955.
In the late 1950s Estrin came up with the concept of reconfigurable computing, which allows the acceleration of computational processes by using variable configurations of specialised hardware modules in addition to a sequential processing unit. The idea was practically realised as "The Fixed Plus Variable Structure Computer".


== UCLA ==
Estrin obtained a teaching position at UCLA in 1953 and they moved to Los Angeles. During this time Thelma taught at Los Angeles Valley College, a junior college in Los Angeles. After their return from the WEIZAC project, Thelma also began working at UCLA in 1960 and she became a professor in the Computer Science Department in 1980. Gerald Estrin served as Chairperson of the UCLA Computer Science Department from 1979 to 1982 and from 1985 to 1988. He retired in 1991, and was recalled as Professor Emeritus.Estrin was an IEEE Fellow, a Guggenheim Fellow, and a member of the Board of Governors of the Weizmann Institute of Science, Israel.


== Personal life ==
Gerald Estrin had three daughters. Margo Estrin is a medical doctor, Deborah Estrin is a computer scientist and academic professor, and Judith Estrin is a corporate executive.


== Selected publications ==
Estrin, Gerald. "Organization of computer systems: the fixed plus variable structure computer." Papers presented at the May 3–5, 1960, western joint IRE-AIEE-ACM computer conference. ACM, 1960.
Estrin, Gerald, et al. "Parallel processing in a restructurable computer system." Electronic Computers, IEEE Transactions on 6 (1963): 747-755.
Estrin, Gerald, et al. "SARA (system architects apprentice): modeling, analysis, and simulation support for design of concurrent systems." Software Engineering, IEEE Transactions on 2 (1986): 293-311.


== References ==Oren Etzioni (born 1964) is an American entrepreneur, professor emeritus of computer science, and CEO of the Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence. He joined the University of Washington faculty in 1991, where he became the Washington Research Foundation Entrepreneurship Professor in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering. In May 2005, he founded and became the director of the university's Turing Center. The center investigated problems in data mining, natural language processing, the Semantic Web and other web search topics. Etzioni coined the term machine reading and helped to create the first commercial comparison shopping agent.


== Early life and education ==
Etzioni is the son of Israeli-American intellectual Amitai Etzioni. He was the first student to major in computer science at Harvard University, where he earned a bachelor's degree in 1986. He earned a PhD from Carnegie Mellon University in January, 1991, supervised by Tom M. Mitchell.


== Research ==
Etzioni was appointed CEO of the Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence in September 2013.Etzioni's research is focused on basic problems in the study of intelligence, machine reading, machine learning and web search. Past projects include Internet Softbots—the study of intelligent agents in the context of real-world software testbeds. In 2003, he started the KnowItAll project for acquiring massive amounts of information from the web.In 2015, he helped to create the Semantic Scholar search engine.He has written for Wired about AI. After reading the idea in a book about AI by Brad Smith and Harry Shum, Etzioni has attempted to create an oath for AI practitioners.


== Business ==
Etzioni is an entrepreneur who has founded or co-founded several business ventures, including MetaCrawler (bought by Infospace), Netbot (bought by Excite in 1997 for $35 million), and ClearForest (bought by Reuters). He founded Farecast, a travel metasearch and price prediction site, which was acquired by Microsoft in 2008 for $115 million. He also co-founded Decide.com, a website to help consumers make buying decisions using previous price history and recommendations from other users. Decide.com was bought by eBay in September, 2013. Etzioni is also a venture partner at the Madrona Venture Group.


== Awards and recognition ==
In 1993, Etzioni received a National Young Investigator Award.
In 2003, Etzioni was elected as AAAI Fellow.
In 2005, Etzioni received an IJCAI Distinguished Paper Award for "A Probabilistic Model of Redundancy in Information Extraction".
In 2007, he received the Robert S. Engelmore Memorial Award.
In 2012 Etzioni was featured as GeekWire's "Geek of the Week".
In 2013 Etzioni was voted "Geek of the Year" through GeekWire.


== Selected publications ==


=== Scholarly publications ===
Etzioni, Oren (July 1994). "A Softbot-based Interface to the Internet" (PDF). Communications of the ACM. Retrieved March 29, 2018.
Etzioni, Oren (December 2008). "Open Information Extraction from the Web" (PDF). Communications of the ACM. Retrieved March 29, 2018.
Zamir, Oren; Etzioni, Oren (1998). Web document clustering: a feasibility demonstration. SIGIR '98 Proceedings of the 21st Annual International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval. ACM. pp. 46–54. doi:10.1145/290941.290956. ISBN 978-1-58113-015-7. S2CID 244069.
Zamir, Oren; Etzioni, Oren (May 1999). "Grouper: a dynamic clustering interface to Web search results". Computer Networks. 31 (11–16): 1361–1374. CiteSeerX 10.1.1.31.8216. doi:10.1016/S1389-1286(99)00054-7.
Popescu, Ana-Maria; Etzioni, Oren (2005). "Extracting product features and opinions from reviews". HLT '05 Proceedings of the Conference on Human Language Technology and Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing: 339–346. doi:10.3115/1220575.1220618.
Etzioni, Oren; Cafarella, Michael; Downey, Doug; Popescu, Ana-Maria; Shaked, Tal; Sonderland, Stephen; Weld, Daniel; Yates, Alexander (June 2005). "Unsupervised named-entity extraction from the Web: An experimental study". Artificial Intelligence. 165 (1): 91–134. doi:10.1016/j.artint.2005.03.001.
Downey, Doug; Etzioni, Oren; Sonderland, Stephen (July 2010). "Grouper: Analysis of a probabilistic model of redundancy in unsupervised information extraction". Artificial Intelligence. 174 (11): 726–748. doi:10.1016/j.artint.2010.04.024.


=== Popular articles ===
Etzioni, Oren (August 4, 2011). "Web Search Needs a Shakeup" (PDF). Nature. Retrieved November 21, 2019.
Etzioni, Oren (December 9, 2014). "AI Won't Exterminate Us – It Will Empower Us". Backchannel. Retrieved March 29, 2018.
Etzioni, Oren (February 4, 2016). "To Keep AI Safe -- Use AI". Vox. Retrieved November 21, 2019.
Etzioni, Oren (April 8, 2016). "Quora Session with Oren Etzioni". Quora. Retrieved March 29, 2018.
Etzioni, Oren (June 15, 2016). "Deep Learning Isn't a Dangerous Magic Genie. It's Just Math". Wired. Retrieved March 29, 2018.
Etzioni, Oren (September 20, 2016). "No, the Experts Don't Think Superintelligent AI is a Threat to Humanity". MIT Technology Review. Retrieved November 21, 2019.
Etzioni, Oren (July 6, 2017). "Artificial intelligence: AI Zooms in on highly influential citations". Nature. Retrieved March 29, 2018.
Etzioni, Oren (September 1, 2017). "How to Regulate Artificial Intelligence". The New York Times. Retrieved March 29, 2018.
Etzioni, Oren (November 2, 2017). "Workers Displaced by Automation Should Try A New Job: Caregiver". Wired. Retrieved March 29, 2018.
Etzioni, Oren (March 14, 2018). "A Hippocratic Oath for artificial intelligence practitioners". Tech Crunch. Retrieved March 29, 2018.
Etzioni, Oren (March 7, 2018). "A 'Manhattan Project' for science research". The Hill. Retrieved November 21, 2019.
Etzioni, Oren (December 2018). "Point: Should AI Technology Be Regulated?: Yes, and Here's How". CACM. Retrieved November 21, 2019.
Etzioni, Oren (February 13, 2019). "What Trump's Executive Order on AI Is Missing". Wired. Retrieved November 21, 2019.
Etzioni, Oren (March 1, 2019). "How Will We Prevent AI-Based Forgery?". Harvard Business Review. Retrieved November 21, 2019.
Etzioni, Oren (July 17, 2019). "We have the basis for an international AI treaty". The Hill. Retrieved November 21, 2019.
Etzioni, Oren (July 18, 2019). "High-Stakes AI Decisions Need to Be Automatically Audited". Wired. Retrieved November 21, 2019.
Etzioni, Oren (October 18, 2019). "Analysis: Seattle startup ecosystem poised for unprecedented acceleration of company creation". GeekWire. Retrieved November 21, 2019.
Etzioni, Oren (October 18, 2019). "AI Academy Under Siege". Inside HigherEd. Retrieved November 21, 2019.
Etzioni, Oren (February 25, 2020). "How to know if artificial intelligence is about to destroy civilization". MIT Technology Review. Retrieved February 25, 2020.
Etzioni, Oren (March 28, 2020). "AI Can Help Scientists Find a Covid-19 Vaccine". Wired. Retrieved March 28, 2020.


== References ==


== Further reading ==
Clifford, Stephanie (November 24, 2011). "Friday's Deals May Not Be the Best". The New York Times. Retrieved February 23, 2013.
Lohr, Steve (August 4, 2011). "A Call to Rethink Internet Search". Bits. The New York Times. Retrieved February 23, 2013.
Sivitz, Larry (October 15, 2005). "UW Professor Oren Etzioni, inventor of Metacrawler, NetBot, and now Hamlet, is a Virtual PhD of Webology". Seattle 24x7. Retrieved February 23, 2013.
Tompa, Rachel (February 19, 2009). "UW Computer Scientist Oren Etzioni on Startups, Venture Capital, and the Future of Web Search". Xconomy. Retrieved February 24, 2013.
Wingfield, Nick (July 7, 2012). "A Northwest Pipeline to Silicon Valley". The New York Times. Retrieved February 23, 2013.


== External links ==
Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence Page
University of Washington faculty profile
Oren Etzioni - The Mathematics Genealogy Project
Video:Artificial Intelligence Drives Oren Etzioni's Passion on YouTube, Microsoft Research
Profile at Allen Institute for AIRobert Alan Eustace (born 1956/1957) is an American computer scientist who served as Senior Vice President of Engineering at Google until retiring in 2015.  On October 24, 2014, he made a free-fall jump from the stratosphere, breaking Felix Baumgartner's world record.  The jump was from 135,908 feet (41.425 km) and lasted 15 minutes, an altitude record that stands as of 2022.


== Early years ==
The son of a Martin Marietta engineer, Eustace grew up in Pine Hills, Florida, then a working-class suburb of Orlando, where small ranch houses had been built for employees of the Martin Marietta Corporation. After graduating from Maynard Evans High School in 1974, he received a debate scholarship from Valencia College and attended it for a year before transferring to Florida Technological University—now known as the University of Central Florida—to major in mechanical engineering.As a university student, Eustace worked part-time selling popcorn and ice cream in Fantasyland and working on the monorail at Walt Disney World. However, after taking a class on computer science, he decided to switch majors and ended up completing three academic degrees in the field, including a doctorate in 1984.


== Professional career ==
After graduation, Eustace worked briefly for Silicon Solutions, a startup in Silicon Valley, before joining Digital, Compaq and then HP's Western Research Laboratory, where he worked 15 years on pocket computing, chip multi-processors, power and energy management, internet performance, and frequency and voltage scaling. In the mid-1990s, he worked with Amitabh Srivastava on ATOM, a binary-code instrumentation system that forms the basis for a wide variety of program analysis and computer architecture analysis tools.

These tools had a profound influence on the EV5, EV6 and EV7 chip designs.
Eustace was appointed head of the laboratory in 1999, but left it three years later to join Google, then a four-year-old startup. At Google, he worked as Senior Vice President of Engineering until he retired from that section of Google on March 27, 2015.
In the course of his professional career, Eustace co-authored nine publications and appeared as co-inventor in ten patents.


== Stratosphere jump ==

In 2011, Eustace decided to pursue a stratosphere jump and met with Taber MacCallum, one of the founding members of Biosphere 2, to begin preparations for the project. Over the next three years, the Paragon Space Development technical team designed and redesigned many of the components of his parachute and life-support system. The Paragon team integrated systems for the Stratospheric Explorer mission code named StratEx.

On October 24, 2014, Eustace made a jump from the stratosphere, breaking Felix Baumgartner's 2012 world record. The launch-point for his jump was from an abandoned runway in Roswell, New Mexico, where he began his gas balloon-powered ascent early that morning. He reached a reported maximum altitude of 135,908 feet (41.425 km; 25.7402 mi), but the final number submitted to the World Air Sports Federation was 135,889.108 feet (41.419000 km; 25.7365735 mi). The balloon used for the feat was manufactured by the Balloon Facility of the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Hyderabad, India. Eustace in his pressure suit hung tethered under the balloon, without the kind of capsule used by Felix Baumgartner. Eustace started his fall by using an explosive device to separate from the helium balloon.
His descent to Earth lasted 4 minutes and 27 seconds and stretched nearly 26 miles (42 km) with peak speeds exceeding 822 miles per hour (1,323 km/h), setting new world records for the highest free-fall jump and total free-fall distance 123,414 feet (37,617 m). However, because Eustace's jump involved a drogue parachute, while Baumgartner's did not, their vertical speed and free-fall distance records remain in different categories.Unlike Baumgartner, Eustace, a twin-engine jet pilot, was not widely known as a daredevil prior to his jump.Eustace's world record jump was featured in two episodes of STEM in 30, a television show geared towards middle-school students by the National Air and Space Museum.


== See also ==
Space diving
Yevgeni Andreyev
Felix Baumgartner
Charles "Nish" Bruce
Michel Fournier
Joseph Kittinger
Nick Piantanida
Cheryl Stearns
Steve Truglia
Olav Zipser
Victor Prather


== References ==


== Further reading ==
Leidich, Jared The Wild Black Yonder, The Inside Story of the Secret Trip to the Edge of Earth's Atmosphere for the Highest Balloon Flight and Skydive of All Time. Stratospheric Publishing, 2016. ISBN 0997691905


== External links ==
 Media related to Alan Eustace at Wikimedia Commons
"I leapt from the stratosphere. Here’s how I did it" (TED Talk, March 2015)
"Alan Eustace Jumps from Stratosphere Breaking Felix Baumgartner's Record" (John Markoff, The New York Times, October 24, 2014)
Alan Eustace at IMDb movie about record setting space jump 14 Minutes from Earth (2016)David Andreoff  Evans (born  1948 in St. Louis) is an American scientist in the field of computational linguistics, best known for his research into indexing using natural language processing, and in ontology learning, especially in medical informatics.


== Education ==
Evans attended Stanford University, receiving his Ph.D. in Computational Linguistics there in 1982. 
He attended the Inter-University Center for Japanese Language Studies in 1979.


== Career ==
He was on the faculty of Carnegie Mellon University from 1983 until 1996, and founded their Computational Linguistics Program and Laboratory for Computational Linguistics in 1986. 
Supported by a grant from Digital Equipment Corporation, he led a research project on "computational-linguistic approaches to indexing and retrieval of text" (CLARIT).
In September 1992, CLARIT was spun-out from Carnegie-Mellon as a company called Claritech.
The technology was used to index the papers of politician H. John Heinz III.Claritech became a research and development subsidiary of JustSystems and its name was changed to Clairvoyance Corporation in 1996, before becoming JustSystems Evans Research in 2007. He has made many contributions to the field of computational linguistics and information retrieval, authoring books, many research papers, and is the holder of 25 US patents.Evans was elected a Fellow of the American College of Medical Informatics in 1999.


== References ==David Cannon Evans (February 24, 1924 – October 3, 1998) was the founder of the computer science department at the University of Utah and co-founder (with Ivan Sutherland) of Evans & Sutherland, a pioneering firm in computer graphics hardware.


== Biography ==
Evans was born in Salt Lake City. He attended the University of Utah and studied electrical engineering; he earned his Bachelor of Science in Physics in 1949 and his Doctorate in Physics in 1953. Evans first worked at the Bendix aviation electronics company, where he acted as project manager in 1955 to develop what some describe as an early personal computer that ran on an interpretive operating system. The Bendix G-15 was a bulky unit about the size of a two-door refrigerator. He stayed with the company just long enough to manage the G-20 project.Evans became a faculty member of the University of California, Berkeley. 
His first important work with graphics dates from that period, when he did several experiments on an IDIOM display hooked up to a Digital Equipment Corporation PDP-5.
In 1963, he was co-Principal Investigator (with Harry Huskey) for project Genie to produce an early multi-user timesharing system. Students from this period include Butler Lampson and L. Peter Deutsch.
The system, which included key developments in the field of virtual memory, was sponsored by the US Defense Department's Advanced Research Projects Agency.In 1965, the University of Utah recruited him back to start their own computer science department.
When he was building up the University of Utah department in 1968 he managed to convince Ivan Sutherland (who had funded Evans' DARPA research) to come to Utah, accepting the condition that they start a computer graphics company together. Evans retired from the company in 1994.
Evans's students at Utah included Alan Kay, Edwin Catmull, James H. Clark, John Warnock, Alan Ashton, Frank Crow, Jim Blinn, Bui Tuong Phong, Gary Hodgman, and Henri Gouraud.
Evans was a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). He served as a branch president, a counselor in bishoprics and stake presidencies, and as a scout master for a total of 27 years. Evans was awarded the Silver Beaver for his role in scouting.Evans married Joy Frewin. They had ten children, only seven of which lived to adulthood. One of these is David F. Evans, who became a general authority in the LDS Church. From 1984 to 1990, Joy Evans was a counselor in the general presidency of the Relief Society to Barbara W. Winder. At the time of his death on October 12, 1998, Evans had 39 living grandchildren and great grandchildren.
In 1996, Brigham Young University established the David C. Evans Chair of Computer Engineering and Graphics. Evans was at the ceremony where the founding of a chair in his honor was announced, but due to his suffering from Alzheimer's disease, did not make any remarks at the ceremony.


== References ==


== External links ==

David C. Evans at Find a GraveMartha Evens is an emeritus professor at the Illinois Institute of Technology. She worked on the first spelling correction program at MIT Lincoln Laboratory in the late 1950s. Evens was president of the Association for Computational Linguistics in 1984.


== Biography ==
Martha Evens graduated summa from Bryn Mawr College in 1955 with a major in Math, having taken many courses in Greek. She shared the European Fellowship (with Nancy Degenhardt, Greek major). Evens was president of the classics club and played field hockey and basketball for the college.
Her first interaction with a computer was in the summer of 1957 when she received an M.A. in Mathematics from Radcliffe College and was hired as a "Mathematician" by Oliver Selfridge at MIT Lincoln Laboratory. That computer was an IBM 709, which became a 7090 when Evens went back to Lincoln Laboratory in the summer of 1958. She did take a class in FORTRAN II using the first FORTRAN compiler shipped by IBM in 1958.
Evens completed her Ph.D. in Computer Science from Northwestern University in 1975. Subsequently, she became a member of the Computer Science faculty at Illinois Institute of Technology, where she remained. During her career at IIT, Evens served as advisor or co-advisor of over 100 PhD students.
"I also drove the two boxes of cards containing the first Lisp Interpreter from MIT to Lincoln Lab as a favor to a friend - and only later realized what a big part Lisp was to play in my life and work," Dr. Evens said.


== Books ==
Evens, Martha W.; Michael, Joel (2006). One-on-One Tutoring by Humans and Computers. Lawrence Earlbaum Associates. ISBN 9780805843606.
Evens, Martha W. (1988). Relational Models of the Lexicon : Representing Knowledge in Semantic Networks. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 9780521363006.
Evens, Martha W. (1980). Lexical-Semantic Relations : a Comparative Survey. Carbondale, IL: Linguistic Research. ISBN 9780887830365.
Evens, Martha W.; McElwain, C. K.; Van Hoosen, F. (1960). Machine Correction of Garbled English Text (Report). Group Report. Vol. 54G-0022. MIT Lincoln Lab. OCLC 15247397.


== References ==


== External links ==
"Martha Evens' Home Page". Illinois Institute of Technology. Retrieved 2015-09-08.
"Bryn Mawr College Computer Science History". Bryn Mawr College. Archived from the original on 2006-09-01. Retrieved 2015-09-08.Federico Faggin (Italian pronunciation: [fedeˈriːko fadˈdʒin], Venetian: [faˈdʒiŋ]; born 1 December 1941) is an Italian-American physicist, engineer, inventor and entrepreneur. He is best known for designing the first commercial microprocessor, the Intel 4004. He led the 4004 (MCS-4) project and the design group during the first five years of Intel's microprocessor effort. Faggin also created, while working at Fairchild Semiconductor in 1968, the self-aligned MOS (metal–oxide–semiconductor) silicon-gate technology (SGT), which made possible MOS semiconductor memory chips, CCD image sensors, and the microprocessor. After the 4004, he led development of the Intel 8008 and 8080, using his SGT methodology for random logic chip design, which was essential to the creation of early Intel microprocessors. He was co-founder (with Ralph Ungermann) and CEO of Zilog, the first company solely dedicated to microprocessors, and led the development of the Zilog Z80 and Z8 processors. He was later the co-founder and CEO of Cygnet Technologies, and then Synaptics.
In 2010, he received the 2009 National Medal of Technology and Innovation, the highest honor the United States confers for achievements related to technological progress. In 2011, Faggin founded the Federico and Elvia Faggin Foundation to support the scientific study of consciousness at US universities and research institutes. In 2015, the Faggin Foundation helped to establish a $1 million endowment for the Faggin Family Presidential Chair in the Physics of Information at UC Santa Cruz to promote the study of "fundamental questions at the interface of physics and related fields including mathematics, complex systems, biophysics, and cognitive science, with the unifying theme of information in physics." Federico Faggin has been a Silicon Valley resident since 1968 and is a naturalized US citizen.


== Education and early career ==
Born in Vicenza, Italy, Federico grew up in an intellectual environment. His father, Giuseppe Faggin, was a scholar who wrote many academic books and translated, with commentaries, the Enneads of Plotinus from the original Greek into modern Italian. Federico had a strong interest in technology from an early age. He attended a technical high school in Vicenza, I.T.I.S. Alessandro Rossi, and later earned a laurea degree in physics, summa cum laude, from the University of Padua.


=== Olivetti R&D Labs ===
Faggin joined Olivetti aged 19. There he co-designed and led the implementation of a small digital transistor computer with 4 K × 12 bit of magnetic memory (1960). The Olivetti R&D department subsequently developed, one of the world's first programmable desktop electronic calculators, the Olivetti Programma 101 (1964). After this first work experience, Faggin studied physics at the University of Padua and taught the electronics laboratory course for 3rd year physics students in the academic year 1965–1966.


=== SGS-Fairchild ===
In 1967 he joined SGS Fairchild, now STMicroelectronics, in Italy, where he developed its first MOS metal-gate process technology and designed its first two commercial MOS integrated circuits. SGS sent him to California in 1968. When Fairchild sold SGS-Fairchild, Faggin accepted an offer to complete the development of the silicon-gate technology with Fairchild.


== Silicon Valley career ==


=== Fairchild Semiconductor ===
The silicon-gate technology (SGT) is one of the most influential technologies to have fueled the progress of microelectronics since the MOSFET. Without the SGT, the first microprocessor could not have been made during 1970–1971.
In February 1968, Federico Faggin joined Fairchild Semiconductor in Palo Alto where he was the project leader of the MOS silicon-gate technology, a MOSFET with a silicon self-aligned gate, and the inventor of its unique process architecture. The SGT became the basis of all modern NMOS and CMOS integrated circuits. It made possible the creation of MOS semiconductor memory chips during 1969–1970, the first microprocessor during 1970–1971, and the first CCD and EPROM (electrically programmable read-only memory) with floating silicon gates (1970-1971). The SGT replaced the incumbent aluminum-gate MOS technology, and was adopted worldwide within 10 years, eventually making obsolete the original integrated circuits built with bipolar transistors.


=== Fairchild 3708 ===
At Fairchild, Faggin designed the first commercial integrated circuit using Silicon Gate Technology with self-aligned MOSFET transistors: the Fairchild 3708. The 3708 was an 8-bit analog multiplexer with decoding logic, replacing the equivalent Fairchild 3705 that used metal-gate technology. The 3708 was 5 times faster, had 100 times less junction leakage and was much more reliable than the 3705, demonstrating the superiority of SGT over metal-gate MOS. See also: Faggin, F., Klein T. (1969). "A Faster Generation of MOS Devices With Low Threshold Is Riding The Crest of the New Wave, Silicon-Gate IC's." Electronics, 29 Sept. 1969.


=== Intel ===

The  Intel 4004. Federico Faggin joined Intel from Fairchild in 1970 as the project leader and designer of the MCS-4 family, which included the 4004, the world's first single-chip microprocessor. Fairchild was not taking advantage of the SGT and Faggin was burning with the desire of using his new technology to design advanced chips.
The 4004 (1971) was made possible by the advanced capabilities of the silicon gate technology (SGT) being enhanced through the novel random logic chip design methodology that Faggin created at Intel. It was this new methodology, together with his several design innovations, that allowed him to fit the microprocessor in one small chip. A single-chip microprocessor – an idea that was expected to occur many years in the future – became possible in 1971 by using SGT with two additional innovations: (1) "buried contacts" that doubled the circuit density, and (2) the use of bootstrap loads with 2-phase clocks—previously considered impossible with SGT— that improved the speed 5 times, while reducing the chip area by half compared with metal-gate MOS.The design methodology created by Faggin was utilized for the implementation of all Intel's early microprocessors and later also for Zilog's Z80.The Intel 4004 – a 4-bit CPU (central processing unit) on a single chip – was a member of a family of 4 custom chips designed for Busicom, a Japanese calculator manufacturer. The other members of the family (constituting the MCS-4 family) were: the 4001, a 2k-bit metal-mask programmable ROM with programmable input-output lines; the 4002, a 320-bit dynamic RAM with a 4-bit output port; and the 4003, a 10-bit serial input and serial/parallel output, static shift register to use as an I/O expander. 
Faggin promoted the idea of broadly marketing the MCS-4 to customers other than Busicom by showing to Intel management how customers could design a control system using the 4004. He designed and built a 4004 tester using the 4004 as the controller of the tester, thus convincing Bob Noyce to renegotiate the exclusivity clause with Busicom that didn't allow Intel to sell the MCS-4 line to other customers.
In 2009, the four contributors to the 4004 were inducted as Fellows of the Computer History Museum. Ted Hoff, head of Application Research Department, formulated the architectural proposal and the instruction set with assistance from Stan Mazor and working in conjunction with Busicom's Masatoshi Shima.  However none of them was a chip designer and none was familiar with the new Silicon Gate Technology (SGT). The silicon design was the essential missing ingredient to making a microprocessor since everything else was already known. Federico Faggin led the project in a different department without Hoff's and Mazor's involvement. Faggin had invented the original SGT at Fairchild Semiconductor in 1968 and provided additional refinements and inventions to make possible the implementation of the 4004 in a single chip. With routine help from Shima, Faggin completed the chip design in January 1971.
The Intel 2102A is a redesign of the Intel 2102 static RAM, where Federico Faggin introduced to Intel, for the first time, the depletion load, combining the silicon gate technology with ionic implantation.  The design was done toward the end of 1973 by Federico Faggin and Dick Pashley. The 2102A was 5 times faster than the 2102, opening a new direction for Intel.


=== Early Intel microprocessors ===
Faggin's silicon design methodology was used for implementing all Intel's early microprocessors.The Intel 8008 was the world's first single-chip 8-bit CPU and, like the 4004, was built with p-channel SGT. The 8008 development was originally assigned to Hal Feeney in March 1970 but was suspended until the 4004 was completed. It was resumed in January 1971 under Faggin's direction utilizing the basic circuits and methodology he had developed for the 4004, with Hal Feeney doing the chip design. The CPU architecture of the 8008 was originally created by CTC Inc. for the Datapoint 2200 intelligent terminal, in which it was implemented in discrete IC logic.
The Intel 4040 microprocessor (1974) was a much improved, machine-code-compatible version of the 4004 CPU allowing it to interface directly with standard memories and I/O devices. Federico Faggin created the architecture of the 4040 and supervised Tom Innes who did the design work.
The 8080 microprocessor (1974) was the first high-performance 8-bit microprocessor in the market, using the faster n-channel SGT. The 8080 was conceived and designed by Faggin, and designed by Masatoshi Shima under Faggin's supervision. The 8080 was a major improvement over the 8008 architecture, yet it retained software compatibility with it. It was much faster and easier to interface to external memory and I/O devices than the 8008. The high performance and low cost of the 8080 let developers use microprocessors for many new applications, including the forerunners of the personal computer.When Faggin left Intel at the end of 1974 to found Zilog with Ralph Ungermann, he was R&D department manager responsible for all MOS products, except for dynamic memories.


=== Zilog ===
Zilog was the first company entirely dedicated to microprocessors started by Federico Faggin and Ralph Ungermann in November 1974. Faggin was Zilog's president and CEO until the end of 1980 and he conceived and designed the Z80 CPU and its family of programmable peripheral components. He also co-designed the CPU whose project leader was Masatoshi Shima. 
The Z80-CPU was a major improvement over the 8080, yet it retained software compatibility with it. Much faster and with more than twice as many registers and instructions of the 8080, it was part of a family of components that included several intelligent peripherals (the Z80-PIO, a programmable parallel input-output controller; the Z80-CTC, a programmable counter-timer; the Z80-SIO, programmable serial communications interface controller, and the Z80-DMA, programmable direct memory access controller). This chip family allowed the design of powerful and low-cost microcomputers with performance comparable to minicomputers. The Z80-CPU had a substantially better bus structure and interrupt structure than the 8080 and could interface directly with dynamic RAM, since it included an internal memory-refresh controller. The Z80 was used in many of the early personal computers, as well as in video game systems such as the MSX, ColecoVision, Sega Master System and Game Boy. The Z80 is still in volume production in 2017 as a core microprocessor in various systems on a chip.
The Zilog Z8 micro controller (1978) was one of the first single-chip microcontrollers in the market. It integrated an 8-bit CPU, RAM, ROM and I/O facilities, sufficient for many control applications. Faggin conceived the Z8 in 1974, soon after he founded Zilog, but then decided to give priority to the Z80. The Z8 was designed in 1976–78 and is still in volume production today (2017).


=== The Communication CoSystem ===
The Communication CoSystem (1984). The Cosystem was conceived by Faggin and designed and produced by Cygnet Technologies, Inc., the second startup company of Faggin. Attached to a personal computer and to a standard phone line, the CoSystem could automatically handle all the personal voice and data communications of the user, including electronic mail, database access, computer screen transfers during a voice communication, call record keeping, etc. The patent covering the CoSystem is highly cited in the personal communication field.


=== Synaptics ===
In 1986 Faggin co-founded and was CEO of Synaptics until 1999, becoming chairman from 1999 to 2009. Synaptics was initially dedicated to R&D in artificial neural networks for pattern-recognition applications using analog VLSI. Synaptics introduced the I1000, the world's first single-chip optical character recognizer in 1991. In 1994, Synaptics introduced the touchpad to replace the cumbersome trackball then in use in laptop computers. The touchpad was broadly adopted by the industry. Synaptics also introduced the early touchscreens that were eventually adopted for intelligent phones and tablets; applications that now dominate the market. Faggin came up with the general product idea and led a group of engineers who further refined the idea through many brainstorming sessions. Faggin is a co-inventor of ten patents assigned to Synaptics. He is chairman emeritus of Synaptics.


=== Foveon ===
During his tenure as president and CEO of Foveon, from 2003 to 2008, Faggin revitalized the company and provided a new technological and business direction resulting in image sensors superior in all critical parameters to the best sensors of the competition, while using approximately half the chip size of competing devices. Faggin also oversaw the successful acquisition of Foveon by the Japanese Sigma Corporation in November 2008.


=== Federico and Elvia Faggin Foundation ===
Founded in 2011 the "Federico and Elvia Faggin Foundation" supports the scientific study of consciousness at US universities and research institutes.  The purpose of the Foundation is to advance the understanding of consciousness through theoretical and experimental research.  Faggin's interest in consciousness has his roots in the study of artificial neural networks at Synaptics, a company he started in 1986, that prompted his inquiry into whether or not it is possible to build a conscious computer.


== Papers ==
On the silicon gate technology and the Fairchild 3708

Faggin, F., Klein, T., and Vadasz, L.: Insulated Gate Field Effect Transistor Integrated Circuits with Silicon Gates. The Silicon Gate Technology with self-aligned gates was presented by its developer Federico Faggin at the IEEE International Electron Device Meeting on 23 October 1968, in Washington D.C. This new technology empowered the design of dynamic RAM memories, non-volatile memories, CCD sensors and the microprocessor.
Federico Faggin and Thomas Klein.: "A Faster Generation of MOS Devices with Low Thresholds is Riding the Crest of the New Wave, Silicon-Gate IC's".  The article published in Electronics (29 September 1969) introduces the Fairchild 3708, the world's first commercial integrated circuit using Silicon Gate Technology, designed by Federico Faggin at Fairchild in 1968.
F. Faggin, T. Klein: Silicon-Gate Technology.  "Solid State Electronics", 1970, Vo. 13, pp. 1125–1144On the 4004 microprocessor

F. Faggin and M. E. Hoff: "Standard Parts and Custom Design Merge in a Four-chip Processor Kit". Electronics, 24 April 1972
F. Faggin, et al.: "The MCS-4 An LSI Microcomputer System".  IEEE 1972 Region Six Conference


== Articles ==
"The Birth of the Microprocessor" by Federico Faggin.  Byte, March 1992, Vol.17 No.3, pp. 145–150.
"The History of the 4004"  by Federico Faggin, Marcian E. Hoff Jr., Stanley Mazor, Masatoshi Shima.  IEEE Micro, December 1996, Volume 16 Number 6.
"The 4004 microprocessor of Faggin, Hoff, Mazor, and Shima". IEEE Solid State Circuits Magazine, Winter 2009 Vol.1 No.1.
"The MOS silicon gate technology and the first microprocessors" by Federico Faggin. La Rivista del Nuovo Cimento, year 2015, issue   12-December. SIF (Italian Physical Society)
"How we made the microprocessor" by Federico Faggin. Nature Electronics, Vol. 1, January 2018.  Published online: 8 January 2018
"Hard Problem and Free Will: an information-theoretical approach" by Giacomo Mauro D'Ariano and Federico Faggin. arXiv:2012.06580 28Jan2021


== Books ==
Silicon: From the Invention of the Microprocessor to the New Science of Consciousness by Federico Faggin. Waterside Productions (February 2021)


== Awards ==

Source: the book written by Angelo Gallippi titled: Faggin, Il padre del chip intelligente (Faggin, the father of the intelligent chip).  Editor Adnkronos, Rome, first edition September 2002, covers the above-mentioned awards (pp. 279–285).  Its second edition, February 2012, titled Federico Faggin, il padre del microprocessore (Federico Faggin, the father of the microprocessor).  Editor Tecniche nuove, Milan, covers also the topic of Faggin's interest in consciousness and his Federico and Elvia Faggin Foundation (pp. 182–187).  Angelo Gallippi, a physicist, has been teaching Scientific and Technical Communication at the University La Sapienza in Rome.  He is author of a dozen books and of an English-Italian Dictionary of informatics and multimedia (text translated from book cover in Italian)

2012: Global Information Technology Award from the President of Armenia.
2012: Honorary PhD from the Polytechnic University (Armenia)
2012: Premio Franca Florio, given by Ministro Francesco Profumo and Prof. Ing. Patrizia Livreri
2013: Honorary PhD in science from Chapman University (CA)
2014: Enrico Fermi Award, given by the Italian Society of Physics: "For the invention of the MOS silicon gate technology that led him to the realization in 1971 of the first modern microprocessor."
2018:  2018 IEEE Italy Section Honorary Award to Federico Faggin for his outstanding contributions to the self aligned MOS silicon gate theory & technology and to the development of the first microprocessor
2018:  2018 AAAS Fellow by the American Association for the Advancement of Science
2019:  PhD (Dottorato di ricerca) honoris causa in computer engineering from the University of Pisa (Italy) Università di Pisa.


== References ==


== External links ==
The Intel 4004 Microprocessor and the Silicon Gate Technology, A testimonial from Federico Faggin, designer of the 4004 and developer of its enabling technology Federico Faggin personally gives details, history and nitty-gritty details about the Intel 4004's development and his inventions, innovations and ideas that made it all possible.
"Executive Profile" from Foveon.com
IEEE Global History Network Biography of Federico Faggin
Oral History of Federico Faggin Computer History Museum. Recorded 2004-05
Busicom Calculator Engineering Prototype (Gift of Federico Faggin to the Computer History Museum, Mountain View, California).
Video of the Intel Intellec 4 microcomputer on YouTube
"Computers Still No Match for Human Intelligence" Video and article interview with Federico Faggin 40 years after the release of the Intel 4004 microprocessorRonald Fagin (born 1945) is an American mathematician and computer scientist, and IBM Fellow at the IBM Almaden Research Center. He is known for his work in database theory, finite model theory, and reasoning about knowledge.


== Biography ==
Ron Fagin was born and grew up in Oklahoma City, where he attended Northwest Classen High School. He was later elected to the Northwest Classen Hall of Fame. He completed his undergraduate degree at Dartmouth College. Fagin received his Ph.D. in Mathematics from the University of California, Berkeley in 1973, where he worked under the supervision of Robert Vaught.
He joined the IBM Research Division in 1973, spending two years at the Thomas J. Watson Research Center, and then transferred in 1975 to what is now the IBM Almaden Research Center in San Jose, California.
He has served as program committee chair for ACM Symposium on Principles of Database Systems 1984, ACM Symposium on Principles of Database Systems 1984, Theoretical Aspects of Reasoning about Knowledge 1994, Theoretical Aspects of Reasoning about Knowledge 1994, ACM Symposium on Theory of Computing 2005, Symposium on Theory of Computing 2005, and the International Conference on Database Theory 2009.
Fagin has received numerous professional awards for his work. He is a Member of the National Academy of Sciences, National Academy of Engineering, and American Academy of Arts and Sciences. He is an IBM Fellow, ACM Fellow, IEEE Fellow, and Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. One of his papers  won the Gödel Prize. He received a Docteur Honoris Causa from the University of Paris, and a Laurea Honoris Causa from the University of Calabria in Italy. The IEEE granted him the IEEE W. Wallace McDowell Award and the IEEE Technical Achievement Award  (now known as the Edward J. McCluskey Technical Achievement Award ); and the ACM granted him the ACM SIGMOD Edgar F. Codd Innovations Award. The European Association for Theoretical Computer Science (in conjunction with the ACM Special Interest Group for Logic and Computation, the European Association for Computer Science Logic, and the Kurt Gödel Society) granted him and the co-authors of two of his papers, the Alonzo Church Award for Logic and Computation. IBM granted him eight IBM Outstanding Innovation Awards, two IBM supplemental Patent Issue Awards, given for key IBM patents, three IBM Outstanding Technical Achievement Awards, and two IBM Corporate Awards. He won Best Paper awards at the 1985 International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence, the 2001 ACM Symposium on Principles of Database Systems, the 2010 International Conference on Database Theory, and the 2015 International Conference on Database Theory. He won 10-year Test-of-Time Awards at the 2011 ACM Symposium on Principles of Database Systems, the 2013 International Conference on Database Theory, and the 2014 ACM Symposium on Principles of Database Systems.


== Work ==


=== Fagin's theorem ===
Fagin's theorem, which he proved in his PhD thesis, states that existential second-order logic coincides with the complexity class NP in the sense that a decision problem can be expressed in existential second-order logic if and only if it can be solved by a non-deterministic Turing machine in polynomial time. This work helped found the area of finite model theory.


=== Other contributions ===
Another result that he proved in his PhD thesis is that first-order logic has a zero-one law, which says that if S is a first-order sentence with only relational symbols (no function or constant symbols), then the fraction of n-node structures that satisfy S converges as n goes to infinity, and in fact converges to 0 or 1. This result was proved independently by Glebskiĭ et al. earlier (1969) in Russia, with a very different proof.
He is also known for his work on higher normal forms in database theory, particularly 4NF, 5NF and DK/NF.
Besides Fagin's Theorem, other concepts named after Fagin are "Fagin's algorithm" for score aggregation, the "Fagin-inverse" for data exchange, and "Fagin games" and "Ajtai Fagin games" for proving inexpressibility results in logic.


== Publications ==
Fagin has authored or co-authored numerous articles, and a book:

Ronald Fagin, Joseph Y. Halpern, Yoram Moses, and Moshe Y. Vardi. Reasoning about knowledge.  MIT press (1995).   Paperback edition (2003).Articles, a selection:

Ronald Fagin. "Generalized first-order spectra and polynomial-time recognizable sets". Complexity of Computation, ed. R. Karp, SIAM-AMS Proceedings, Vol. Vol. 7 (1974):43-73.
Ronald Fagin, Jurg Nievergelt, Nicholas J. Pippenger, and H. Raymond Strong. "Extendible hashing—a fast access method for dynamic files." ACM Transactions on Database Systems (TODS) 4.3 (1979): 315–344.
Ronald Fagin, Amnon Lotem, and Moni Naor. "Optimal aggregation algorithms for middleware." Journal of Computer and System Sciences 66 (2003): 614–656. (Special issue for selected papers from the 2001 ACM Symposium on Principles of Database Systems).
Ronald Fagin, Phokion G. Kolaitis, Renee J  Miller, and Lucian Popa. "Data exchange: semantics and query answering", Theoretical Computer Science 336 (2005): 89-124.   (Special issue for selected papers from the 2003 International Conference on Database Theory).


== References ==


== External links ==
Ronald Fagin's Website at IBMScott Elliott Fahlman (born March 21, 1948) is a computer scientist and Professor Emeritus at Carnegie Mellon University's Language Technologies Institute and Computer Science Department.  He is notable for early work on automated planning and scheduling in a blocks world, on semantic networks, on neural networks (especially the cascade correlation algorithm), on the programming languages Dylan, and Common Lisp (especially CMU Common Lisp), and he was one of the founders of Lucid Inc. During the period when it was standardized, he was recognized as "the leader of Common Lisp." From 2006 to 2015, Fahlman was engaged in developing a knowledge base named Scone, based in part on his thesis work on the NETL Semantic Network.


== Life and career ==
Fahlman was born in Medina, Ohio, the son of Lorna May (Dean) and John Emil Fahlman. He attended the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), where he received a Bachelor of Science (B.S.) and Master of Science (M.S.) degree in electrical engineering and computer science in 1973, and a Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) in artificial intelligence in 1977. His master's thesis advisor was Patrick Winston and his doctoral thesis advisor was Gerald Sussman. He has noted that his doctoral diploma says the degree was awarded for "original research as demonstrated by a thesis in the field of Artificial Intelligence" and suggested that it may be the first doctorate to use that term. He is a fellow of the American Association for Artificial Intelligence.
Fahlman acted as thesis advisor for Donald Cohen, David B. McDonald, David S. Touretzky, Skef Wholey, Justin Boyan, Michael Witbrock, and Alicia Tribble Sagae.
From May 1996 to July 2001, Fahlman directed the Justsystem Pittsburgh Research Center.


=== Emoticons ===
Fahlman was not the first to suggest the concept of the emoticon – a similar concept for a marker appeared in an article of Reader's Digest in May 1967, although that idea was never put into practice.
In an interview printed in The New York Times in 1969, Vladimir Nabokov noted: "I often think there should exist a special typographical sign for a smile –
 some sort of concave mark, a supine round bracket."
Fahlman is credited with originating the first smiley emoticon, which he thought would help people on a message board at Carnegie Mellon to distinguish serious posts from jokes. He proposed the use of :-) and :-( for this purpose, and the symbols caught on. The original message from which these symbols originated was posted on 19 September 1982. The message was recovered by Jeff Baird on 10 September 2002 and read:
19-Sep-82 11:44    Scott E  Fahlman             :-)
From: Scott E  Fahlman <Fahlman at Cmu-20c>

I propose that the following character sequence for joke markers:

:-)

Read it sideways.  Actually, it is probably more economical to mark
things that are NOT jokes, given current trends.  For this, use

:-(


== References ==


== External links ==
Official websiteChristos Faloutsos (Greek: Χρήστος Φαλούτσος) is a Greek computer scientist and a professor at Carnegie Mellon University. He has received the Presidential Young Investigator Award by the National Science Foundation (1989), 22 best paper awards, and several teaching awards. He has served as a member of the executive committee of SIGKDD. He has published over 300 refereed articles, one monograph, and holds five patents.  His research interests include data mining for streams and networks, fractals, indexing for multimedia and bio-informatics data bases, and performance.
He also received the ACM 2010 SIGKDD Innovation Award and he was also named a Fellow of the ACM in 2010.


== References ==


== External links ==
Christos Faloutsos publications indexed by Google ScholarMartin Farach-Colton is an American computer scientist, known for his work in streaming algorithms, suffix tree construction, pattern matching in compressed data, cache-oblivious algorithms, and lowest common ancestor data structures. He is a professor of computer science at Rutgers University, and a co-founder of storage technology startup company Tokutek.


== Early life and education ==
Farach-Colton is of Argentine descent, and grew up in South Carolina. While attending medical school, he met his future husband, with whom he now has twin children. He obtained his M.D. in 1988 from the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine and his Ph.D. in computer science in 1991 from the University of Maryland, College Park under the supervision of Amihood Amir.


== Research contributions ==
After completing his Ph.D., he went on to work at Google and co-founded Tokutek. He was program chair of the 14th ACM-SIAM Symposium on Discrete Algorithms (SODA 2003). The cache-oblivious B-tree data structures studied by Bender, Demaine, and Farach-Colton beginning in 2000 became the basis for the fractal tree index used by Tokutek's products TokuDB and TokuMX.


== Awards and honors ==
In 1996, Farach-Colton was awarded an Alfred P. Sloan Research Fellowship.  In 2021, he was inducted as a SIAM Fellow "for contributions to the design and analysis of algorithms and their use in storage systems and computational biology"  and as an  ACM Fellow "for contributions to data structures for biocomputing and big data"  In 2022, he was inducted as an IEEE Fellow "for contributions to data structures for storage systems". In 2012 he won the Simon Imre Test of Time award at LATIN.  In 2016, his paper "Optimizing Every Operation in a Write-optimized File System" won the Best Paper award at FAST.


== Personal life ==
Farach-Colton is an avid Brazilian jiu-jitsu practitioner and received a bronze medal at the 2015 World Master Jiu-Jitsu IBJJF Championship. He received his black belt from Russell Kerr in 2018. Farach-Colton has served on several charity boards including the Ali Forney Center and Lambda Legal, and is currently on the board of The Trevor Project.He now resides at Rutgers University as a professor.


== Selected publications ==
Amir, Amihood; Benson, Gary; Farach, Martin (April 1996), "Let sleeping files lie: pattern matching in Z-compressed files" (PDF), Journal of Computer and System Sciences, 52 (2): 299–307, CiteSeerX 10.1.1.45.6476, doi:10.1006/jcss.1996.0023, MR 1393996, S2CID 14465635.
Farach, Martin (1997), "Optimal suffix tree construction with large alphabets", 38th Annual Symposium on Foundations of Computer Science, FOCS '97, Miami Beach, Florida, USA, October 19-22, 1997, IEEE Computer Society, pp. 137–143, CiteSeerX 10.1.1.45.4336, doi:10.1109/SFCS.1997.646102, S2CID 123355749.
Farach, M.; Thorup, M. (April 1998), "String matching in Lempel-Ziv compressed strings", Algorithmica, 20 (4): 388–404, CiteSeerX 10.1.1.45.5484, doi:10.1007/PL00009202, MR 1600834, S2CID 15395909.
Bender, Michael A.; Farach-Colton, Martin (2000), "The LCA problem revisited" (PDF),  in Gonnet, Gaston H.; Panario, Daniel; Viola, Alfredo (eds.), LATIN 2000: Theoretical Informatics, 4th Latin American Symposium, Punta del Este, Uruguay, April 10-14, 2000, Proceedings, Lecture Notes in Computer Science, vol. 1776, Springer, pp. 88–94, doi:10.1007/10719839_9.
Charikar, Moses; Chen, Kevin; Farach-Colton, Martin (2004), "Finding frequent items in data streams" (PDF), Theoretical Computer Science, 312 (1): 3–15, CiteSeerX 10.1.1.145.8413, doi:10.1016/S0304-3975(03)00400-6, MR 2045483. Previously announced in ICALP 2002.
Bender, Michael A.; Demaine, Erik D.; Farach-Colton, Martin (2005), "Cache-oblivious B-trees", SIAM Journal on Computing, 35 (2): 341–358, CiteSeerX 10.1.1.32.4093, doi:10.1137/S0097539701389956, MR 2191447. Previously announced at FOCS 2000.


== References ==


== External links ==
Home page
Google scholar profilePeyman Faratin (born September 16, 1965) is an Iranian/American computer scientist, and the founder of Robust Links, an Internet company building algorithms for creating and processing a knowledge graph.


== Background ==
Peyman completed his PhD in computer science under the supervision of Prof. Nicholas R. Jennings and Prof. Carles Sierra. He made significant contributions in the area of artificial intelligence, particularly to automated negotiation in multi-agent systems. He was then a research scientist at MIT's Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence (CSAIL) laboratory, working with David D. Clark in the Advanced Network Architecture group.
Peyman has over eighteen years of experience in design and implementation of online marketplaces. He graduated from University of London (EECS department) in 2000 completing his doctoral thesis on algorithms for online bargaining and auction mechanisms, with application to business process management and supply chain management in telecommunication domains. Between 2000-2008 he was a researcher at MIT (Computer Science and AI Lab and Sloan School of Management) working with David Clark (the chief Internet protocol architect between 81-89) on design, analysis and implementation of various online market mechanisms for multi-scaled provisioning, control and access problems to IP networks. Work included design of various markets at both layer 3 and 7 applications. Dr. Faratin joined Strands Inc. as VP of innovation in 2008, where he served as SVP of Innovation, responsible for the entire innovation pipeline of the $55 million startup. While at Strands, he envisaged, developed, marketed and sold a prediction market technology to BBVA. He has published over fifty scientific articles in peer reviewed publications, served as reviewer for the NSF and won multiple competitive NSF and DARPA grants.


== Current ==
Peyman is currently the founder of RobustLinks, funded by the National Science Foundation. The mission of RobustLinks is to use state of the art AI, NLP, and ML to compose Knowledge as a Service (KaaS). KaaS takes unstructured (textual) "big data" and reduces it to searchable knowledge. It integrates end-to-end technology stack that continuously gather, summarize and represent the semantics of unstructured text, in real-time and at scale. The derived semantics is then analyzed to condense the big data to a compact and searchable semantic graph.


== Associations ==
Peyman is a board member of number of emerging startups, as well as member of the Association of Computing Machinery, New York Academy of Science, the New York City CTO club and a visiting scholar at Courant Institute of Mathematics at NYU. Dr. Faratin is an active member of the NYC technology community.


== Selected publications ==
P. Faratin, D. Clark, P. Gilmore, S. Bauer, A. Berger and W. Lehr (2008). The Growing Complexity of Internet Interconnections: Communications and Strategies, no.72, 4th quarter 2008
D. D.Clark, W. Lehr, S.J. Bauer, P. Faratin, R. Sami, and J. Wroclawski (2006): Overlay Networks and Future of the Internet. In Journal of Communications and Strategies, 3(63), pp 1–21,2006
P. Faratin, C. Sierra and N. Jennings (2002): Using Similarity Criteria to Make Negotiation Trade-Offs. In Journal of Artificial Intelligence. 142 (2) 205-237
Peyman Faratin (2000) "Automated Negotiation Between Autonomous Computational Agents", Ph.D. dissertation
P. Faratin, C. Sierra and N. Jennings (1997): Negotiation Decision Functions for Autonomous Agents in Int. Journal of Robotics and Autonomous Systems, 24(3-4):159-182


== External links ==
RobustLinks
MIT personal page
Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence (CSAIL)David J. Farber (born April 17, 1934) is a professor of computer science, noted for his major contributions to programming languages and computer networking. He is currently the Distinguished Professor and Co-Director of Cyber Civilization Research Center at Keio University in Japan. He has been called the "grandfather of the Internet".


== Career ==
Farber graduated from the Stevens Institute of Technology in 1956 and began an 11-year career at Bell Laboratories, where he helped design the first electronic switching system (ESS-1) and the SNOBOL programming languages. He subsequently held industry positions at the Rand Corporation and Scientific Data Systems, followed by academic positions at the University of California, Irvine, and the University of Delaware.
At Irvine his research work was focused on creating the world's first operational distributed computer system. While a member of the electrical engineering department of the University of Delaware, he helped conceive and organize the major American research networks CSNET, NSFNet, and the National Research and Education Network (NREN). He helped create the NSF/DARPA-funded Gigabit Network Test bed Initiative and served as the Chairman of the Gigabit Test bed Coordinating Committee.
Farber subsequently was appointed Alfred Fitler Moore Professor of Telecommunication Systems at the University of Pennsylvania where he also held appointments as Professor of Business and Public Policy at the Wharton School of Business and as a Faculty Associate of the Annenberg School for Communication. He served as Chief Technologist at the US Federal Communications Commission (2000–2001) while on leave from the university.
Farber is a founding editor of ICANNWatch. He serves on the board of advisers of Context Relevant and The Liquid Information Company.


== Honors and community service ==
Farber is an AAAS Fellow, IEEE Fellow, ACM Fellow, and recipient of the 1995 SIGCOMM Award for lifelong contributions to computer communications. He has served on the board of directors of the Electronic Frontier Foundation, the Electronic Privacy Information Center advisory board, the Board of Trustees of the Internet Society, and as a member of the Presidential Advisory Committee on High Performance Computing and Communications, Information Technology and Next Generation Internet. He runs a large (25,000+ readership)  mailing list called Interesting-People. In 2012, in memory of his son, he established the Joseph M. Farber prize at the Stevens Institute of Technology, which recognizes a graduating senior majoring in one of the disciplines of the College of Arts and Letters who displays a keen interest in and concern for civil liberties and their importance in preserving and protecting human rights.
On August 3, 2013, Farber was inducted into the Pioneers Circle of the Internet Hall of Fame. He was elected as the AAAS Fellow by the Council of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in 2018. 


== References ==


== External links ==
Carnegie Mellon University: Engineering and Public Policy: EPP Faculty: David J. Farber at the Wayback Machine (archived January 3, 2014)
Topicbox: Interesting-People
FarberismsHany Farid is an American university professor who specializes in the analysis of digital images, Dean and Head of School for the UC Berkeley School of Information. In addition to teaching, writing, and conducting research, Farid acts as a consultant for non-profits, government agencies, and news organizations. He is the author of the book Photo Forensics.


== Career ==
Farid specializes in image analysis and human perception. He has been called the "father" of digital image forensics by NOVA scienceNOW. He is the recipient of a 2006 Guggenheim Fellowship and a 2002 Sloan Fellowship for his work in the field. Farid was named a lifetime fellow of the National Academy of Inventors in 2016.


=== University positions ===
In January 2021, Hany Farid is appointed Associate Dean and Head of School for the School of Information. He remains professor at the University of California, Berkeley with a joint appointment in the Department of Electrical Engineering & Computer Science and the School of Information. He is also a member of the Berkeley Artificial Intelligence Lab, the Center for Innovation in Vision and Optics, and the Vision Science program.Prior to joining Berkeley, Farid was the Albert Bradley 1915 Third Century Professor of Computer Science at Dartmouth College and former chair of Dartmouth's Neukom Institute for Computational Science. Farid was well-known at Dartmouth for teaching the college's introductory course on programming and computer science. Joseph Helble, dean of the Thayer School of Engineering at Dartmouth, described Farid as a pioneer in the field of digital forensics. Farid joined Dartmouth's faculty in 1999. He remained at Dartmouth until 2019.


=== Consulting and media appearances ===
Farid has consulted for intelligence agencies, news organizations, courts, and scientific journals seeking to authenticate the validity of images.  This is critically important because graphics programs, such as Photoshop, are frequently used to crop and to label figures in scientific publications.  Such manipulations can be used to alter or disguise the data.  In 2009, after digitally analyzing a photograph of Lee Harvey Oswald holding a rifle and newspaper, Farid published his findings concluding that "the photo almost certainly was not altered". When the 2013 World Press Photo of the Year was alleged as being "fake", Farid spoke out against the allegation and criticized its underlying method, error level analysis.As of 2018, Farid was a consultant for the Associated Press, Reuters, The New York Times, and the Defense Advanced Research Project Agency.


=== PhotoDNA ===
PhotoDNA is a system that uses robust hashing technology Farid worked on with Microsoft, which is "now widely used by Internet companies to stop the spread of content showing sexual exploitation or pornography involving children." In late 2015, Farid completed improvements to PhotoDNA that made it capable of analyzing video and audio files besides still images. In 2016, Farid proposed that the technology could be used to stem the spread of terror-related imagery, but there was little interest shown initially by social media companies. In December 2016, Facebook, Twitter, Google and Microsoft announced plans to use PhotoDNA to tackle extremist content such as terrorist recruitment videos or violent terrorist imagery, which was done e.g. to automatically remove al Qaeda videos.


=== Counter Extremism Project ===
In June 2016, Farid, as a senior advisor to the Counter Extremism Project (CEP), unveiled a software tool for use by Internet and social media companies to "quickly find and eliminate extremist content used to spread and incite violence and attacks." It functions similarly to PhotoDNA.To operationalize this new technology to combat extremism, Farid and CEP proposed the creation of a National Office for Reporting Extremism (NORex), which would house a comprehensive database of extremist content and function similar to the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children .


=== Truepic ===
In the fall of 2018, Truepic acquired Farid's start-up, Fourandsix Technologies. Farid started Fourandsix Technologies with Kevin Connor, a former vice president at Adobe Systems. The first product released by Fourandsix was called Fourmatch. Fourmatch was designed to detect alterations of digital images. The primary use of Fourmatch was to check the authenticity of images introduced as evidence in court.As of February 2019, Farid was an advisor to Truepic.


== Education ==
Farid received his undergraduate degree in computer science and applied mathematics from the University of Rochester in 1989. He earned a M.S. in computer science from SUNY/Albany in 1992. His Ph.D. in computer science from the University of Pennsylvania was awarded in 1997. In 1999, Farid completed a two-year post-doctoral program in Brain and Cognitive Sciences at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.


== Family ==
Farid is married to the neuroscientist Emily Cooper. Cooper, also a professor at the University of California, Berkeley, studies human vision and virtual reality. Cooper met Farid when he spent a sabbatical from Dartmouth at Berkeley.


== Publications ==


=== Books ===
H. Farid. Fake Photos, MIT Press, Essential Knowledge Series, 2019.
H. Farid. Photo Forensics, MIT Press, 2016.


=== Selected technical papers ===
Farid, H. A Survey of Image Forgery Detection, IEEE Signal Processing Magazine, 26:2 (2009) 16-25.
Farid, H.  Digital Image Forensics, Scientific American, 298:6 (2008) 66-71.
Johnson, M K and H Farid, Exposing Digital Forgeries in Complex Lighting Environments, IEEE Transactions on Information Forensics and Security, 2:3 (2007) 450-461.
Johnson, M K and H Farid, Exposing Digital Forgeries Through Specular Highlights on the Eye, 9th International Workshop on Information Hiding, Saint Malo, France (2007).
Lyu, S, D Rockmore, and H Farid, A Digital Technique for Art Authentication, Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, 101:49 (2004) 17006-17010.


=== Selected opinion pieces ===
Deepfakes Give New Meaning to the Concept of 'fake news,' and They're Here to Stay, Fox News , 18 June 2019.
Facebook's Plan for End-to-End Encryption Sacrifices a Lot of Security for Just a Little Bit of Privacy, Fox News, June 2016.
Tech Companies Must Act to Stop Horrific Exploitation of their Platforms, The Hill, 17 April 2019
Facebook, YouTube and Social Media are Failing Society: Pull their ads until they change, USA Today, 4 March 2019
Recruiting Terrorists: We’re losing the fight against online extremism – here’s why, The Hill, 2 August 2018
Verifying BigTech Promises, EUReporter, 11 May 2018


== References ==


== External links ==
Farid's faculty webpage at UC Berkeley School of Information
The Neukom Institute for Computational ScienceUsama M. Fayyad (born July, 1963) is an American-Jordanian data scientist and co-founder of KDD conferences and ACM SIGKDD association for Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining. He is a speaker on Business Analytics, Data Mining, Data Science, and Big Data. He recently left his role as the Chief Data Officer at Barclays Bank.


== Early life ==
Fayyad was born to a Jordanian family in Carthage, Tunisia in July 1963, and lived his early childhood in Tunisia and other countries in the Middle East, Africa and Southern Europe. He graduated high school in Amman, Jordan from the National Orthodox School with GCE O-Levels. He spent most of his life in the U.S., having received his undergraduate and graduate education in Ann Arbor, MI at the University of Michigan.


== Career ==
Fayyad holds BSE's in both electrical and computer engineering (1984); MSE in computer science and engineering (1986); and M.Sc. in mathematics (1989).  He also earned his Ph.D. in engineering from the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor (1991). Fayyad has published over 100 technical articles in the fields of data mining, Artificial Intelligence, machine learning, and databases. He holds over 30 patents and is a Fellow of both the AAAI (Association for Advancement of Artificial Intelligence) and the ACM (Association of Computing Machinery). Fayyad has edited two influential books on data mining  and he launched and served as editor-in-chief of both the primary scientific journal in the field of data mining (Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery) and the primary newsletter in the technical community published by the ACM: SIGKDD Explorations. He continues to be active in the academic community, serving at chairman of ACM’s SIGKDD Executive Committee which runs the world’s premiere data science, big data, and data mining conferences: the KDD international annual conferences. Fayyad is a recipient of the ACM SIGKDD Innovation Award (2007) and Service Award (2003) 
 – the only person to ever receive both awards.
Fayyad is an active angel investor in the U.S. and in the Middle East. He is also part of the U.S. Dept of State Delegation on Entrepreneurship in the Middle East.  Fayyad is an active speaker in both academic and business meetings, and regularly delivers keynotes on BigData, Predictive Analytics, Data Mining, Monetization Strategies, and Early-Stage Investment and Acceleration strategies for technology startups.
From 1989 to 1996 Fayyad held a leadership role at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL), where his work in the analysis and exploration of Big Data in scientific applications (gathered from observatories, remote-sensing platforms and spacecraft) garnered him the top research excellence award that Caltech awards to JPL scientists – The Lew Allen Award for Excellence in Research, as well as a U.S. Government medal from NASA.Prior to founding his first startup in 2000, Fayyad was at Microsoft for five years. At Microsoft he led the data mining and exploration group at Microsoft Research and headed the data mining products group for Microsoft's server division – especially SQL Server 2000 and Commerce Server 98. Fayyad’s work at Microsoft Research included the development of innovative data mining algorithms that scaled to very large databases and building up a new research program, as well as a new product line for Microsoft.In early 2000, he co-founded and served as CEO of Audience Science (originally digiMine, Inc.), a data analysis and data mining company that built, operated and hosted data warehouses and web analytics for enterprises in online publishing, retail, manufacturing, telecommunications and financial services. He led the growth of the company from 3 employees to over 120 employees, raised over $45M in capital from top-tier venture firms. He stepped down as CEO and became chairman in June 2003 in order to start DMX Group. In 2003 Fayyad co-founded and led DMX Group, a data mining and data strategy consulting and technology company that specialized in Big Data Analytics projects for several Fortune 500 clients. DMX Group was acquired by Yahoo! in 2004.2004–2008 Fayyad served as Yahoo!'s Chief Data Officer & Executive VP responsible for Yahoo!'s global data strategy, architecting Yahoo!'s data policies and systems, prioritizing data investments, and managing the company's data analytics and data processing infrastructure (which processed over 25 Terabytes of data per day). He was the industry’s first Chief Data Officer. Under his EVP role, Fayyad also founded and managed the Yahoo! Research Labs organization, which became the premier scientific research organization to develop the new sciences of the Internet, on-line marketing, Microeconomics, and algorithmic Advertising. At Yahoo! he applied Big Data techniques to content and advertising targeting and built the world’s largest group of data scientists – helping Yahoo! grow its revenues from user targeting by 20 times in 4 years.
In 2008, Fayyad founded Open Insights, LLC, technology and consulting firm based in Bellevue, WA.In 2014 he became chief data officer and group managing director at Barclays PLC, leaving the firm to pursue other interests in early March 2016;  he is executive chairman of Oasis 500. He was the first person to ever hold the title chief data officer when Yahoo! Inc acquired his company in June 2004. Prior to Barclays he served as chairman, co-founder and CTO of ChoozOn Corporation —a mobile and web search engine service under the brand Blue Kangaroo.


== KDD and SIGKDD ==
In 1995 Fayyad (with Ramasamy Uthurusamy) co-organized the First International Conference on Knowledge Discovery in Data (KDD-95), held at AAAI-1995 in Montreal, Canada.A good introductory article on Data Mining can be found in a special invited issue in AI Magazine.A year later, in 1996,  Usama Fayyad launched the journal by Kluwer called Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery as its founding Editor-in-Chief.   Later he started the SIGKDDD Newsletter SIGKDD Explorations.  The KDD International conference became the primary highest quality conference in Data Mining with a acceptance rate of research paper submissions below 18%. The Journal, Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery, is the primary research journal of the field.
Fayyad also organized the last KDD Workshop in 1994 (Seattle, WA) with Ramasamy (Sam) Uthurusamy (PDF file accessible at AAAI website) and the help of Gregory Piatetsky-Shapiro and transformed the workshops into an annual international conference on Data Mining.For both his service to the KDD and Data Science fields and his technical contributions in these arenas Usama Fayyad is the only recipient of both ACM SIGKDD Service award 
and the ACM SIGKDD Innovation Award.Fayyad was elected and served as a director of the executive committee of ACM SIGKDD when the SIGKDD group was formed as part of ACM to run the annual KDD conferences and  help promote research in Data Mining, Data Science and Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining. Fayyad was elected director of SIGKDD for 2001-2009 and was elected as chairman of the executive committee of SIGKDD for 2009-2013.The annual ACM SIGKDD conference is the leading research conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, according to Microsoft Academic search and Google Scholar. The 21st ACM SIGKDD conference was held in Sydney, Australia August 2015. Fayyad served as Honorary Conference Chair of KDD-2015 and helped Prof. Longbing Cao and Geoff Webb in organizing this conference.


== Personal life ==
Fayyad was born in Carthage, Tunisia and lived his early childhood in Tunisia and many countries in the Middle East, Africa and Southern Europe. He graduated high school in Amman, Jordan from the National Orthodox School with GCE O-Levels. He spent most of his life in the U.S., having received his undergraduate and graduate education in Ann Arbor, MI at the University of Michigan (Ph.D. in engineering in 1991), BSEs in both electrical and computer engineering (1984); MSE in computer science and engineering (1986); and M.Sc. in mathematics (1989) and then lived in Pasadena, CA, Seattle, WA and Portola Valley, CA.
Fayyad has 4 children and now lives in Central London while he continues as chairman of Oasis500 in Jordan and is an investor in several companies in the U.S. and Europe.


== References ==Craig Federighi (born May 27, 1969) is an American engineer and business executive who is the senior vice president (SVP) of software engineering at Apple Inc. He oversees the development of iOS, iPadOS, macOS and Apple's common operating system engineering teams. His teams are responsible for delivering the software at the heart of Apple's products, including the user interface, applications and frameworks.


== Early life ==
Federighi was born on May 27, 1969 in San Leandro. After graduating from Acalanes High School in  Lafayette, California, Federighi earned a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from the University of California, Berkeley, and later a Master of Science degree in Computer Science from the University of California, Berkeley. He is of Italian descent. Federighi was married as of 2014 and he has four children.


== Career ==


=== NeXT ===
Federighi worked under Steve Jobs at NeXT, where he led development of the Enterprise Objects Framework. He joined Apple when it acquired NeXT in 1996, but then left it in 1999 for the enterprise IT company Ariba, where he was Chief Technology Officer.


=== Return to Apple ===
Federighi returned to Apple in 2009, hired to lead macOS engineering at a time when Apple had just finished developing Mac OS X Snow Leopard, which was highly regarded for its focus on quality. In March 2011, Federighi succeeded Bertrand Serlet as vice president of Mac Software Engineering at Apple, and in August 2012 he was promoted to senior vice president, reporting to CEO Tim Cook. Upon Scott Forstall's departure from Apple, his role was expanded to encompass iOS in addition to macOS.  In the following decade, Federighi oversaw a marked decline in the quality of Apple's software products.
As of September 2016, Federighi was reported to own more than 500,000 shares of Apple stock worth about US$180 million as of June 2020.


==== Public image ====
Within the community of Apple users and developers, Federighi is known for his energetic presentations of new Apple software, frequently featuring absurdist humor such as references to his hair, use of new software features to organize events such as office karaoke parties and camping trips, and his claimed love of the band Rush. A running gag in Federighi’s Mac OS presentations involves him describing the fictional exploits of the “crack product marketing team,” venturing through California in a Volkswagen Minibus and ultimately arriving at the location after which the version of the operating system is named. Federighi has some notable nicknames around Apple, such as "Hair Force One". Additionally, Apple CEO Tim Cook has called him "Superman".His first appearance onstage during a major Apple event was at WWDC 2009, where he helped Bertrand Serlet introduce Mac OS X Snow Leopard. He made another appearance during 2010's 'Back to the Mac' presentation, showing off Mac OS X Lion. He introduced iOS 7 and OS X Mavericks at Apple's WWDC 2013 developer conference, and iOS 8 and OS X Yosemite at WWDC 2014. At WWDC 2015, he delivered most of Apple's 2-hour main opening-day presentation, introducing iOS 9 and OS X 10.11 "El Capitan", and revealing plans to release Apple's new programming language Swift as an open-source project. In September 2015, he demoed 3D Touch in the new iPhone 6S.
At WWDC 2016, Federighi introduced iOS 10 and macOS 10.12 "Sierra" and said that the 15-year-old OS X would be rebranded as "macOS" in tune with the naming scheme used for iOS, tvOS, and watchOS. He emphasized the use of widgets on the iOS lock screen and announced new APIs for Siri and iMessage that would be open to all developers.
At an Apple Special Event in September 2017, Federighi initially failed to properly demo the Face ID feature on the iPhone X. Apple stated that before the event, some Apple employees had inadvertently triggered Face ID on one of the demonstration phones, causing it to instead prompt for a passcode when Federighi attempted to unlock it.At WWDC 2020, he was the lead presenter showcasing many of Apple's recent advancements. He also introduced iOS 14, iPadOS 14, and macOS 11 "Big Sur".
He made a cameo appearance within the September 2020 Apple Event, appearing briefly during a segment. However, he did not speak.At the November 2020 Apple Special Event, a video of him “setting the mood” by waking a MacBook from sleep instantly became a meme.In November 2021, he appeared at the Web Summit talking about the dangers of allowing sideloading in the iOS ecosystem


== References ==Joan Feigenbaum (born 1958 in Brooklyn, New York) is a theoretical computer scientist with a background in mathematics. She is the Grace Murray Hopper Professor of Computer Science at Yale University. At Yale she also holds a courtesy appointment in the Department of Economics. Feigenbaum co-invented the computer-security research area of trust management.


== Education and career ==
Feigenbaum did her undergraduate work in Mathematics at Harvard University.  She became interested in computers during the Summer Research Program at AT&T's Bell Labs between her junior and senior years.  She then earned a Ph.D. in computer science at Stanford University, under the supervision of Andrew Yao, while working summers at Bell Labs.  After graduation she joined Bell Labs. She became the Hopper Professor at Yale in 2008.


== Family ==
She is married to Jeffrey Nussbaum.  They have a son, Sam Baum. Baum was chosen as child's surname as the greatest common suffix of Feigenbaum and Nussbaum.


== Awards and honors ==
In 1998 Feigenbaum was an Invited Speaker of the International Congress of Mathematicians in Berlin. In 2001 she became a fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery for her "foundational and highly influential contributions to cryptographic complexity theory, authorization and trust management, massive-data-stream computation, and algorithmic mechanism design." In 2012 she was named a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science and, in 2013, a member of the Connecticut Academy of Science and Engineering. The Connecticut Technology Council chose her as a Woman of Innovation in 2012. She acts as one of the three award-committee members on ACM SIGecom test of time award.


== References ==Danielle Feinberg is an American cinematographer and Director of Photography for Lighting at Pixar Animation Studios. She directed lighting for the Academy Award-winning films WALL-E, Brave and Coco.


== Life and career ==
Danielle Feinberg was born in Boulder, Colorado and graduated from Boulder High School. Growing up, she attended summer camps and after-school programs for students interested in computer programming and engineering. She attended Harvard University, where she was introduced to computer animation in a computer graphics course during her junior year. She graduated in 1996 with a Bachelor of Arts in computer science.
After graduating from Harvard, she started working at Pixar in February 1997 as a technician managing the large libraries of data and images for rendering A Bug's Life. She has since been credited for leading work in visual effects, technical direction, and graphics.Outside of Pixar, she mentors girls to get them interested in STEM through groups like Girls Who Code. She says yes to every talk which provides a platform to inspire and encourage girls to dreams and pursue it by getting into STEM fields. In fact, the made with code, which is an initiative launched by Google, was kick started with her inspiring keynote.In 2015, she appeared in the documentary Code: Debugging the Gender Gap. In November 2015, she delivered a talk on science and art at TED talks live at New York. It was also streamed by PBS.


== Filmography ==


=== Feature films ===


=== Short films ===


== Awards ==


== See also ==

List of Pixar films
List of Pixar shorts
Women in computing


== References ==Jerome A. Feldman is professor emeritus of electrical engineering and computer science at the University of California, Berkeley. He is a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science since 2005 and a fellow of the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence since 1990.


== Selected publications ==
From Molecule to Metaphor: A Neural Theory of Language. Bradford Books, Cambridge, MA: MIT Press, 2006.


== References ==


== External links ==
Jerry Feldman's Personal Home Page at ICSI
[1]Stuart Feldman is a computer scientist. He is best known as the creator of the computer software program make. He was also an author of the first Fortran 77 compiler, was part of the original group at Bell Labs that created the Unix operating system, and participated in development of the ALTRAN and EFL programming languages.
Feldman is head of Schmidt Sciences at the foundation Schmidt Philanthropies, and was a member of the dean's External Advisory Board at the University of Michigan School of Information. He was previously Vice President, Engineering, East Coast, at Google, and before that Vice President of Computer Science at IBM Research. Feldman has served on the board of the Computing Research Association (CRA) and of the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB International). He was chair of ACM SIGPLAN and founding chair of ACM SIGecom. He was elected the President of the ACM in 2006. Feldman is also a member of the Editorial Advisory Board of ACM Queue, a magazine he helped found with Steve Bourne.  He has also served on the editorial boards of IEEE Internet Computing and IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering.
He received an A.B. in astrophysical sciences from Princeton University and a Ph.D in applied mathematics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. 
Feldman became a Fellow of the IEEE in 1991 and a Fellow of the ACM in 1995. In 2003, he was awarded ACM's Software System Award for his creation of make.


== References ==


== External links ==
Photo of Feldman in "External Advisory Board - University of Michigan School of Information"Lee Felsenstein (born April 27, 1945) is an American computer engineer who played a central role in the development of the personal computer. He was one of the original members of the Homebrew Computer Club and the designer of the Osborne 1, the first mass-produced portable computer.
Before the Osborne, Felsenstein designed the Intel 8080 based "SOL" computer from Processor Technology, the PennyWhistle modem, and other early "S-100 bus" era designs. His shared-memory alphanumeric video display design, the Processor Technology VDM-1 video display module board, was widely copied and became the basis for the standard display architecture of personal computers.
Many of his designs were leaders in reducing costs of computer technologies for the purpose of making them available to large markets. His work featured a concern for the social impact of technology and was influenced by the philosophy of Ivan Illich. Felsenstein was the engineer for the Community Memory project, one of the earliest attempts to place networked computer terminals in public places to facilitate social interactions among individuals, in the era before the commercial Internet.
In 2016, Lee was made a Fellow of the Computer History Museum.


== Life ==

Felsenstein graduated from Central High School in Philadelphia as a member of class 219. As a young man, Felsenstein was a New Left radical. From October through December 1964, he was a participant in the Free Speech Movement and was one of 768 arrested in the climactic "Sproul Hall Sit-In" of December 2–3, 1964. He also wrote for the Berkeley Barb, one of the leading underground newspapers.
He had entered University of California, Berkeley first in 1963, joined the Co-operative Work-Study Program in Engineering in 1964 and dropped out at the end of 1967, working as a Junior Engineer at the Ampex Corporation from 1968 through 1971, when he re-enrolled at Berkeley. He received a B.S. in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from the University of California, Berkeley in 1972.
From 1981–1983, Felsenstein was employed at the Osborne Computer Corporation. At Osborne, he was the designer of the Osborne 1, the first mass-produced portable computer. He then returned to freelance consulting. In 1992, he joined Interval Research Corporation, where he worked until 2000 before joining Pemstar Pacific Consultants, where he worked until 2005. Throughout, he acted as an occasional free-lance consulting designer or worked at his own design firm.
Many of his designs were leaders in reducing the costs of computer technologies for the purpose of making them available to large markets. His work featured a concern for the social impact of technology. The Community Memory project, begun as a project of Resource One, Inc. in 1972 and later incorporated in 1977 by Felsenstein with Efrem Lipkin, Ken Colstad, Jude Milhon, and Mark Szpakowski, was one of the earliest attempts to place networked computer terminals in such places as Berkeley supermarkets to attract casual use by persons from all walks of life passing through and facilitate social interactions among non-technical individuals, in the era before the Internet.Felsenstein was influenced in his philosophy by the works of Ivan Illich, particularly Tools for Conviviality (Harper and Row, 1973). This book advocated a "convivial" approach to design which allowed users of technologies to learn about the technology by encouraging exploration, tinkering, and modification. Felsenstein had learned about electronics in much the same fashion, and summarized his conclusions in several aphorisms, to wit – "In order to survive in a public-access environment, a computer must grow a computer club around itself." Others were – "To change the rules, change the tools," and "If work is to become play, then tools must become toys."

Felsenstein was one of the original members of the Homebrew Computer Club, which formed in 1975 in response to the appearance of the Altair 8800 computer kit. With a handy yardstick, Felsenstein "moderated" meetings at the SLAC Auditorium. He was less a chair than a keeper of chaos. In this heyday of the development of the first personal computers, Felsenstein designed the Intel 8080 based "SOL" computer from Processor Technology, the Pennywhistle modem, and other early "S-100 bus" era designs. These existed in a market space with early generation hobbyist microcomputers from Altair, IMSAI, Morrow Designs, Cromemco, and other vendors. Felsenstein's shared-memory alphanumeric video display design, the Processor Technology VDM-1 video display module board, was widely copied and became the basis for the standard display architecture of personal computers.
Felsenstein was named a "Pioneer of the Electronic Frontier" in 1994 by the Electronic Frontier Foundation, and in 2007, he was given the Editor's Choice Award for Creative Excellence by EE Times magazine. In 1998, Felsenstein founded the Free Speech Movement Archives as an online repository of historical information relating to that event, its antecedents and successors.
In 2003, while working with the Jhai Foundation of San Francisco, he designed an open-source telecommunications and computer system for installation in remote villages in the developing world. This system was dubbed "the Pedal-Powered Internet" by The New York Times Magazine due to its reliance on pedal power generation. Installation of the first system in Laos was unsuccessful, but the design has been tested on an Indian reservation in the US and continues in development in India. In 2003, Felsenstein was named a Laureate of The Tech Museum of Innovation (San Jose, California) for this work.
Felsenstein is the Founding Sensei of the Hacker Dojo in Mountain View, California, and was featured on a Fox News segment in late 2009 covering the non-profit facility.Felsenstein's older brother is the evolutionary biologist Joseph Felsenstein, a National Academy of Sciences member whose PHYLIP system was one of the earliest examples of bioinformatics. Early versions of PHYLIP were developed on the "SOL" and Osborne 1, computers designed by Felsenstein.
On April 16, 2016, Felsenstein was made a Fellow of the Computer History Museum, "for his influence on the technical and social environment of the early personal computing era."


== See also ==
Community Memory
Homebrew Computer Club
Processor Technology
Osborne Computer Corporation
Open-source hardware


== References ==


== External links ==
Felsenstein's personal blog
Felsenstein's old personal blog
Crosby, Kip (November 1995). "CONVIVIAL CYBERNETIC DEVICES: From Vacuum Tube Flip-Flops to the Singing Altair - An Interview with Lee Felsenstein (Part 1)" (PDF). The Analytical Engine. Computer History Association of California. 3 (1): 2. ISSN 1071-6351.
Crosby, Kip (February 1996). "COMPUTERS FOR THEIR OWN SAKE: From the Dompier Music to the 1980 Computer Faire An Interview with Lee Felsenstein (Part 2)" (PDF). The Analytical Engine. Computer History Association of California. 3 (2): 8. ISSN 1071-6351.
In Search of the Valley A 2006 documentary on Silicon Valley which includes an extensive interview with Felsenstein.
Free Speech Movement Archives home page
Lee's personal website
Potential Scenarios for Technology Development Lee Felsenstein's presentation in the Context Club (St.Petersburg, Russia)
Lee's views about Osborn-1
Fellow, Computer History MuseumEdward William Felten (born March 25, 1963) is the Robert E. Kahn Professor of Computer Science and Public Affairs at Princeton University, where he was also the Director of the Center for Information Technology Policy from 2007 to 2015 and from 2017 to 2019.  On November 4, 2010, he was named Chief Technologist for the Federal Trade Commission, a position he officially assumed January 3, 2011. On May 11, 2015, he was named the Deputy U.S. Chief Technology Officer.Felten has done a variety of computer security research, including groundbreaking work on proof-carrying authentication and work on security related to the Java programming language, but he is perhaps best known for his paper on the Secure Digital Music Initiative (SDMI) challenge.


== Biography ==
Felten attended the California Institute of Technology and graduated with a degree in Physics in 1985. He worked as a staff programmer at Caltech from 1986 to 1989 on a parallel supercomputer project at Caltech. He then enrolled as a graduate student in Computer Science at the University of Washington. He was awarded a Master of Science degree in 1991 and a Ph.D in 1993. His Ph.D. thesis was on developing an automated protocol for communication between parallel processors.
In 1993, he joined the faculty of Princeton University in the Department of Computer Science as an Assistant Professor. He was promoted to Associate Professor in 1999 and to Professor in 2003. In 2006, he joined the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs, but computer science remains his home department. In 2005, he became the Director of the Center for Information and Technology Policy at Princeton. He has served as a consultant to law firms, corporations, private foundations, and government agencies. His research involves computer security, and technology policy.He lives in Princeton, New Jersey with his family. From 2006 to 2010, he was a member of the board of the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF). In 2007, he was inducted as a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery.
In November 2010, he was named Chief Technologist of the Federal Trade Commission.In 2013, Felton was elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering for contributions to security of computer systems, and for impact on public policy.
On May 11, 2015, he was named Deputy U.S. Chief Technology Officer for The White House.


== United States v. Microsoft ==
Felten was a witness for the United States government in United States v. Microsoft, where the software company was charged with committing a variety of antitrust crimes. During the trial, Microsoft's attorneys denied that it was possible to remove the Internet Explorer web browser from a Windows 98 equipped computer without significantly impairing the operation of Windows.
Citing research he had undertaken with Christian Hicks and Peter Creath, two of his former students, Felten testified that it was possible to remove Internet Explorer functionality from Windows without causing any problems with the operating system. He demonstrated his team's tool in court, showing 19 ways in which it is normally possible to access the web browser from the Windows platform that his team's tool rendered inaccessible.
Microsoft argued that Felten's changes did not truly remove Internet Explorer but only made its functionality inaccessible to the end user by removing icons, shortcuts and the iexplore.exe executable file, and making changes to the system registry. This led to a debate as to what exactly constitutes the "web browser," since much of the core functionality of Internet Explorer is stored in a shared dynamic-link library, accessible to any program running under Windows.
Microsoft also argued that Felten's tool did not even completely remove web-browsing capability from the system since it was still possible to access the web through other Windows executables besides iexplore.exe, such as the Windows help system.


== The SDMI challenge ==
As part of a contest in 2000, SDMI (Secure Digital Music Initiative) invited researchers and others to try to break the digital audio watermark technologies that they had devised. In a series of individual challenges, the participants were given a sample audio piece, with one of the watermarks embedded. If the participants sent back the sample with the watermark removed (and with less than an acceptable amount of signal loss, though this condition was not stated by SDMI), they would win that particular challenge.
Felten was an initial participant of the contest. He chose to opt out of confidentiality agreements that would have made his team eligible for the cash prize. Despite being given very little or no information about the watermarking technologies other than the audio samples and having only three weeks to work with them, Felten and his team managed to modify the files sufficiently that SDMI's automated judging system declared the watermark removed.
SDMI did not accept that Felten had successfully broken the watermark according to the rules of the contest, noting that there was a requirement for files to lose no sound quality. SDMI claimed that the automated judging result was inconclusive, as a submission which simply wiped all the sounds off the file would have successfully removed the watermark but would not meet the quality requirement.


=== SDMI lawsuits ===
Felten's team developed a scientific paper explaining the methods used by his team in defeating the SDMI watermarks. Planning to present the paper at the Fourth International Information Hiding Workshop of 2001 in Pittsburgh, Felten was threatened with legal action by SDMI, the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), and Verance Corporation, under the terms of the DMCA, on the argument that one of the technologies his team had broken was currently in use in the market. Felten withdrew the presentation from the workshop, reading a brief statement about the threats instead. SDMI and other copyright holders denied that they had ever threatened to sue Felten. However, SDMI appears to have threatened legal action when spokesman Matt Oppenheim warned Felten in a letter that "any disclosure of information gained from participating in the Public Challenge....could subject you and your research team to actions under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.".Felten, with help from the Electronic Frontier Foundation, sued the groups, requesting a declaratory judgement ruling that their publication of the paper would be legal. The case was dismissed for a lack of standing.Felten presented his paper at the USENIX security conference in 2001.  The United States Department of Justice has offered Felten and other researchers assurances that the DMCA does not threaten their work and stated that the legal threats against them were invalid.


== Sony rootkit investigation ==
The 2005 Sony BMG CD copy protection scandal started when security researcher Mark Russinovich revealed on October 31, 2005 that Sony's Extended Copy Protection ("XCP") copy protection software on the CD Get Right with the Man by Van Zant contained hidden files that could damage the operating system, install spyware and make the user's computer vulnerable to attack when the CD was played on a Microsoft Windows-based PC. Sony then released a software patch to remove XCP.
On November 15, 2005, Felten and J. Alex Halderman showed that Sony's method for removing XCP copy protection software from the computer makes it more vulnerable to attack, as it essentially installed a rootkit, in the form of an Active X control used by the uninstaller, and left it on the user's machine and set so as to allow any web page visited by the user to execute arbitrary code. Felten and Halderman described the problem in a blog post:

The consequences of the flaw are severe, it allows any Web page you visit to download, install, and run any code it likes on your computer. Any Web page can seize control of your computer; then it can do anything it likes. That's about as serious as a security flaw can get.


== Diebold voting machine analysis ==
On September 13, 2006, Felten and graduate students Ariel Feldman and Alex Halderman discovered severe security flaws in a Diebold Election Systems (now Premier Election Solutions) voting machine. Their findings claimed, "Malicious software running on a single voting machine can steal votes with little if any risk of detection. The malicious software can modify all of the records, audit logs, and counters kept by the voting machine, so that even careful forensic examination of these records will find nothing amiss."


== Sequoia voting machine analysis ==
In early 2008, New Jersey election officials announced that they planned to send one or more Sequoia Advantage voting machines to Ed Felten and Andrew Appel (also of Princeton University) for analysis. In March 2008, Sequoia sent an e-mail to Professor Felten asserting that allowing him to examine Sequoia voting machines would violate the license agreement between Sequoia and the county which bought them, and also that Sequoia would take legal action "to stop [...] any non-compliant analysis, [...] publication of Sequoia software, its behavior, reports regarding same or any other infringement of our intellectual property."

This action sparked outrage among computer technology activists.After examining Sequoia's machines, Felten and Appel indeed discovered grave problems with the accuracy of the machines. They also demonstrated that the machines can be hacked and compromised within minutes.Shortly after that, Sequoia's corporate Web site was hacked. The hack was first discovered by Ed Felten. Sequoia took its Web site down on 20 March and removed the "intrusive content."


== Cold boot attack ==
In February 2008, Felten and his students were part of the team that discovered the cold boot attack, which allows someone with physical access to a computer to bypass operating system protections and extract the contents of its memory.


== Federal Trade Commission ==
In November 2010, Felten was named the first Chief Technologist of the Federal Trade Commission, for which he took a one-year leave of absence from Princeton University.


== Awards ==
Member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, elected 2011
Member of the National Academy of Engineering, elected 2013


== References ==


== External links ==
Edward W. Felten at Princeton
Freedom to Tinker
Appearances on C-SPAN
"Felten, et al. v. RIAA, et al". Case archive. EFF. 2001. Archived from the original on 2018-01-05. Retrieved 2017-07-28.
Verance Corporation
Lessig, Larry; Zittrain, Jonathan (Nov 1, 2002). "United States of America v. Microsoft". Antitrust. OpenLaw. Harvard Law School.
Halderman, J. Alex; Felten, Edward W. (Feb 14, 2006). "Lessons from the Sony CD DRM Episode" (PDF). Archived (PDF) from the original on February 22, 2006.
Wilkinson, Will (Oct 9, 2008). "Conversation with Edward Felten" (Video). Bloggingheads.tv.Pedro Felipe Felzenszwalb is an American computer scientist and professor of the School of Engineering and Department of Computer Science at Brown University.


== Career ==
Felzenszwalb studied computer science at Cornell University, receiving his B.S. in 1999. There, he began researching object recognition with Daniel P. Huttenlocher. He earned his M.S. and Ph.D. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 2001 and 2003, respectively. He became a faculty at the University of Chicago in 2004, and was made an associate professor in 2008. In 2010, he was awarded the Longuet-Higgins Prize for his work in the field of computer vision.Felzenszwalb was appointed an associate professor for Brown University's School of Engineering and Department of Computer Science in 2011. In 2013, he was awarded the Grace Murray Hopper Award by the Association for Computing Machinery for his contributions to the problem of object recognition in pictures and video. In 2014, he was awarded the Edward J. McCluskey Technical Achievement Award by the IEEE for his work with object recognition with deformable models.In 2018, Felzenszwalb received the Longuet-Higgins prize a second time for fundamental contributions to computer vision. In particular, this prize recognized his work with discriminately trained, multiscale, deformable part models. The prize was first awarded in 2005, and Felzenszwalb is among a select group of repeat winners.


== Selected publications ==
Pedro F Felzenszwalb; Ross B Girshick; David McAllester; Deva Ramanan (1 September 2010). "Object detection with discriminatively trained part-based models". IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence. 32 (9): 1627–1645. doi:10.1109/TPAMI.2009.167. ISSN 0162-8828. PMID 20634557. Wikidata Q45713777.
Felzenszwalb, P F; Girshick, R B; McAllester, D; Ramanan, D (September 2010). "Object Detection with Discriminatively Trained Part-Based Models". IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence. 32 (9): 1627–1645. doi:10.1109/TPAMI.2009.167.
Felzenszwalb, Pedro; McAllester, David; Ramanan, Deva (June 2008). "A discriminatively trained, multiscale, deformable part model". 2008 IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition: 1–8. doi:10.1109/CVPR.2008.4587597.
Felzenszwalb, Pedro F.; Huttenlocher, Daniel P. (January 2005). "Pictorial Structures for Object Recognition". International Journal of Computer Vision. 61 (1): 55–79. doi:10.1023/B:VISI.0000042934.15159.49.
Pedro F. Felzenszwalb; Daniel P. Huttenlocher (1 May 2006). "Efficient Belief Propagation for Early Vision". International Journal of Computer Vision. 70 (1): 41–54. doi:10.1007/S11263-006-7899-4. ISSN 0920-5691. Wikidata Q56221805.


== References ==


== External links ==
Pedro Felipe Felzenszwalb on the Brown University websiteMary Fernández is an American computer scientist and activist for women and minorities in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM). She is the president of MentorNet, an organization that helps mentors and students develop mentoring relationships.


== Education ==
Fernández enrolled in the engineering department at Brown University in the early 1980s. After taking an introductory computer science course taught by Andries van Dam, she changed her major to computer science. She earned her bachelor's and master's degrees from Brown, and her Ph.D. from Princeton University.


== Career ==
Fernández joined AT&T as a senior technical staff member in 1995. She worked there for seventeen years, ending her career as the Assistant Vice President of Information and Software Systems Research. During her time there, she worked on technology to handle semi-structured XML, particularly the XQuery language.In 1998, Fernández joined MentorNet, an organization that matches mentors with STEM students and helps them develop mentoring relationships. She joined the board of directors of the organization in 2009, becoming the board chair in 2011. In 2013 she became CEO, and she transitioned to president in 2014 when MentorNet became a division of the Great Minds in STEM non-profit.Fernández served as the secretary and treasurer of ACM SIGMOD, and was the associate editor of ACM Transactions on Database Systems. She serves on the board of the Computing Research Association. In 2011, Fernández was awarded the Great Minds in STEM Technical Achievement in Industry Award.


== References ==Jeanne Ferrante is a computer scientist active in the field of compiler technology, where she has made important contributions regarding optimization and parallelization. Jeanne Ferrante is  Professor of Computer Science and Engineering at University of California, San Diego. She received her B.A. from New College at Hofstra University in 1969, and her Ph.D. from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1974. Prior to joining UC San Diego in 1994, she taught at Tufts University from 1974 until 1978, where she worked on computational complexity problems such as the theory of rational order and first order theory of real addition. In 1978, she worked as a research staff at the IBM T.J. Watson Research Center until 1994.
Dr. Ferrante's work has included the development of intermediate representations for optimizing and parallelizing compilers, most notably the Program Dependence Graph and Static Single Assignment (SSA) form. She is a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) and a Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). Her SSA work (with colleagues from IBM) was recognized in 2006 by the ACM Programming Language Achievement Award as a "significant and lasting contribution to the field."
As Associate Dean, she co-founded UCSD Teams In Engineering Service (now Global TIES), which partners multidisciplinary teams of undergraduates with non-profit organizations to provide long-term technical solutions. Dr. Ferrante also co-founded the UCSD Women's Leadership Alliance, whose aim is to advance leadership development, networking, and recognition of women campus leaders at UC San Diego. She was honored as a UCSD Community Champion for Diversity in 2004 and 2012, and received the 2007 Athena Educator Pinnacle Award for her diversity leadership efforts.
She is currently a professor at the University of California, San Diego,  where she has also held the positions  of Associate Vice Chancellor for Faculty Equity, and  Associate Dean of the Jacobs School of Engineering. She is a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery (1996) and the IEEE (2005).


== Education ==
In 1969, Jeanne Ferrante received her B.A. from New College at Hofstra University in Natural Sciences, with High Honors in Mathematics. She went on to complete a Ph.D. at MIT and wrote her thesis "Some Upper and Lower Bounds on Decision Procedures in Logic".


== Recognition ==
Thomas  A. Kanneman  Outstanding Service Award, SD County Engineering Council, 2009
Athena San Diego Pinnacle Educator of the Year Award, 2007
ACM SIGPLAN Programming Languages Achievement Award for the development of Static Single Assignment (SSA) form (with Ron Cytron, Barry Rosen, Mark Wegman and Ken Zadeck). SSA is a program  representation that   yields  faster,  more  compact  and  powerful  program optimizations, and the award recognizes SSA as a "significant and lasting contribution to the field of programming  languages".  My contributions led to algorithms that efficiently compute SSA, enabling its implementation in many commercial and research compilers, including GCC (GNU Compiler Collection).  2006
IEEE Fellow, for contributions to optimizing and parallelizing compilers.  2005
Highly Cited Researcher, a designation  given to "less than  one-half percent of all publishing researchers," ISIHighlyCited.com.  2005
UCSD Community Champion for Diversity Award, Academic Affairs. 2004, 2012
ACM Fellow, for the development of intermediate program representations for program optimization  and parallelization  that  are fundamental  to current optimizing compilers.  1996
IBM Outstanding Innovation Award, for co-inventing Static Single Assignment form. 1992
IBM Outstanding Innovation Award, for co-inventing  the  Program  Dependence  Graph,   a program representation of essential control and data  flow to expose maximal parallelism.  1988
Edward A. Dickson Emeriti Professorship, May 2021, recognizing teaching, research and community service.


== Other interests ==
She enjoys biking, hiking, playing piano, and painting.


== References ==


== External links ==
Home page at UCSDChristopher (Chris) Ferris (born c. 1957) is a computer scientist, best known for co-leading the Hyperledger Fabric project where he chaired the Technical Steering Committee from 2016 to 2018 and was a member of the Governing Board of the foremost blockchain project of the Linux Foundation.  Hyperledger has been one of the fastest growing open community projects, with over 200 corporate and associate members.  Ferris has a history of open-source software contributions to other technologies, including web services and cloud.  Ferris is currently an IBM Fellow, and CTO Open Technologies.


== History ==
In 1999, Ferris was invited to work with OASIS (organization) on the problem of B2B transactions, launching his open source career development. In the early days of the internet, vendor-specific and proprietary Electronic Data Interchange or EDI systems were proving “clunky” (slow to deploy and hard to maintain), and needed to be revised and opened up to encourage much faster adoption rates.  As a Chief Architect of Sun Microsystems IT, he was invited to the first and second meetings of the OASIS (organization) working group looking into ebXML (Electronic Business Markup Language) for ERP (Enterprise Resource Management) and B2B (Business to Business) transactions, such as invoices, purchasing, payment transactions.  The United Nations adopted this work as the foundational international standard around global commerce, see UN/CEFACT.
Ferris became vice chair of the OASIS working group on messaging.  This work lead to SOAP replacing or underlying vendor-specific proprietary messaging systems, and led to the development of XML (eXtensible Markup Language) developed by a working group at the W3C  (World Wide Web Consortium). Ferris then became chair of web service architecture working group at the W3C.  In fall 2002, Ferris joined IBM, and later became an IBM Distinguished Engineer.Ferris has also provided technical oversight and leadership in OpenStack, Cloud Foundry, Cloud Native Compute Foundation, Open Container Initiative, Mesos, Docker.,


== Linux Foundation Hyperledger ==
Ferris was a member of the Hyperledger Technical Steering Committee. He is an advocate for open source code communities with commercially-friendly licenses, and open governance, such as Linux Foundation Hyperledger.
Ferris was the keynote speaker on the "State of Blockchain", at the 2017 Open Source Leadership Summit  for the Linux Foundation.


== Publications ==
Androulaki E, Barger A, Bortnikov V, Cachin C, Christidis K, De Caro A, Enyeart D, Ferris C, Laventman G, Manevich Y, Muralidharan S. (2018), "Hyperledger Fabric: A Distributed Operating System for Permissioned Blockchains. arXiv preprint arXiv:1801.10228. 2018 Jan 30."
Todd Moore and Chris Ferris (2016), "IBM's approach to open technology: Find out how we're investing in the communities and projects that matter most to the enterprise", “IBM developerWorks”, May 16, 2016
Christopher Ferris, Kelvin Lawrence, Tony Storey (2007), “IBM Submission for the W3C Workshop on Web of Services for Enterprise Computing”
Christopher Ferris, Joel A. Farrell (2003), What are Web services? Commun. ACM 46(6): 31
Gupta A, Ferris C, Wilson Y, Venkatasubramanian K. Implementing Java computing: Sun on architecture and applications deployment. IEEE Internet Computing. 1998 Mar;2(2):60-4.


== Patents ==
Patents that are cited more than one hundred times:

Gupta A, Ferris C, Abdelnur A, inventors; Sun Microsystems Inc, assignee. Method and apparatus for authenticating users. United States patent US 6,226,752. 2001 May 1.
Wood DL, Weschler P, Norton D, Ferris C, Wilson Y, Soley WR, inventors; Sun Microsystems Inc, assignee. Log-on service providing credential level change without loss of session continuity. United States patent US 6,609,198. 2003 Aug 19.
Wood DL, Norton D, Weschler P, Ferris C, Wilson Y, inventors; Sun Microsystems Inc, assignee. Single sign-on framework with trust-level mapping to authentication requirements. United States patent US 6,892,307. 2005 May 10.
Wood DL, Weschler P, Norton D, Ferris C, Wilson Y, Soley WR, inventors; Sun Microsystems Inc, assignee. Log-on service providing credential level change without loss of session continuity. United States patent US 6,944,761. 2005 Sep 13.
Abdelnur AH, Ferris C, inventors; Sun Microsystems Inc, assignee. User interface component. United States patent US 6,429,882. 2002 Aug 6.


== See also ==
Hyperledger


== References ==


== External links ==
Ferris on Google Scholar
Hyperledger Blog
Blockchain Blog
Christopher Ferris on Twitter
Chapter Co-Author
Speaker IEEE ConferenceEllen Cole Fetter Gille is an American computer scientist. She worked with Edward Norton Lorenz on chaos theory.


== Early life and education ==
Fetter was born to Frank Whitson Fetter and Elizabeth Garrett Pollard. Her mother created an endowment for chamber music at Swarthmore College, which has been supported by successive generations of her family. Fetter attended the Ecole Préalpina in Chexbres, Switzerland and New Trier High School, from which she graduated in 1957. She studied mathematics at Mount Holyoke College and graduated in 1961.


== Career ==
In 1961, Fetter interviewed with a member of the team who used a LGP-30 in MIT's Department of Nuclear Engineering, who recommended her to Margaret Hamilton. Hamilton soon moved on to another project, and Fetter took over the computational work for Edward Lorenz's research, plotting the motion of a particle experiencing fast convection in an idealised beaker. The work was the foundation of chaos theory. Fetter's contribution was acknowledged by Lorenz ‘Special thanks are due to Miss Ellen Fetter for handling the many numerical computations’ in his frequently referenced paper.In 1963, Fetter married John Gille, who was studying geophysics at MIT. They moved to Florida State University, where she worked on programming for several years. In the 1970s, she and her husband moved to Colorado, where Gille is now a senior scientist emeritus at the National Center for Atmospheric Research. Fetter took computer science classes at the University of Colorado Boulder, but soon left to work in tax preparation.Fetter's daughter, Sarah Gille, studied physics at Yale University. She now works in physical oceanography at the University of California, San Diego.


== References ==Wallace "Wally" Feurzeig (June 10, 1927 – January 4, 2013) was an American computer scientist who was co-inventor, with Seymour Papert and Cynthia Solomon, of the programming language Logo, and a well-known researcher in artificial intelligence (AI).


== Early life and education ==
Wallace Feurzeig was born in Chicago to parents Mandel and Pauline Feurzeig. He earned Bachelor of Philosophy and Bachelor of Science degrees from the University of Chicago, and a Master of Science degree from the Illinois Institute of Technology. He worked at Argonne National Laboratory and the University of Chicago before joining Bolt, Beranek and Newman (BBN).


== Career ==
During the early 1960s, Bolt, Beranek and Newman had become a major center of computer science research and innovative applications. In 1962, Wally Feurzeig joined the firm to work with its newly available facilities in the Artificial Intelligence Department, one of the earliest AI organizations. His colleagues were actively engaged in some of the pioneering AI work in computer pattern recognition, natural-language understanding, automated theorem proving, Lisp language development, and robot problem solving.
Much of this work was done in collaboration with distinguished researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) such as Marvin Minsky and John McCarthy, who were regular BBN consultants during the early 1960s. Other groups at BBN were doing original work in cognitive science, instructional research and man-computer communication. Some of the first work on knowledge representation and reasoning (semantic networks), question answering, interactive computer graphics, and computer-aided instruction (CAI) was actively underway. J. C. R. Licklider was the spiritual and scientific leader of much of this work, championing the cause of on-line interaction during an era when almost all computing was being done via batch processing.
Wally's initial focus was on expanding the intellectual abilities of extant teaching systems. This led to the first intelligent CAI system, MENTOR, which employed production rules to support problem-solving interactions in medical diagnosis and other decision-making domains. In 1965, Wally organized the BBN Educational Technology Department to further the development of computer methods to improve learning and teaching, and the focus of his work then shifted to investigating programming languages as educational environments. This shift was partly due to two recent technological advances: the invention of computer time-sharing and the development of the first high-level conversational programming language.
The idea of sharing a computer's cycles among autonomous users, working simultaneously, had stirred the imagination in Cambridge in 1963 and 1964. BBN and MIT teams raced to be first to realize this concept, with BBN winning by days and holding the first successful demonstration of computer time-sharing in 1964. BBN's initial system, designed by Sheldon Boilen, supported five simultaneous users on a DEC PDP-1, all sharing one cathode-ray tube (CRT) screen for output. Seeing dynamic displays from several distinct programs, simultaneously and asynchronously ("out of time and tune"), was a breathtaking experience.
Time sharing made feasible the economic use of remote distributed terminals and opened up the possibilities of interactive computer use in schools. BBN had recently implemented TELCOMP, one of the new breed of high-level interactive programming languages. TELCOMP was a dialect of JOSS, the first conversational or interpreted language, developed in 1962–63 by Cliff Shaw of the RAND Corporation. Its syntax was similar to that of the language BASIC, which had not yet appeared. Like BASIC, TELCOMP was a FORTRAN-derived language originally designed for numerical computational applications. Shortly after TELCOMP was created, Wally decided to introduce it to children as a tool to teach mathematics and in 1965–66, under U.S. Office of Education support, explored its use as an auxiliary resource in eight elementary and secondary schools served by the BBN time-sharing system. Students were introduced to TELCOMP and then worked on standard arithmetic, algebra, and trigonometry problems by writing TELCOMP programs. The project strongly confirmed expectations that the use of interactive computation with a high-level interpretive language would be highly motivating to students.
Wally's collaborators in this research were Daniel Bobrow, Richard Grant, and Cynthia Solomon from BBN and consultant Seymour Papert, who had recently arrived at MIT from Jean Piaget's Institute in Geneva. The idea of a programming language expressly designed for children arose directly from this project. The group realized that most extant languages were designed for doing computation and that they generally lacked facilities for nonnumeric symbolic manipulation. Current languages were inappropriate for education in other respects also: they often employed extensive data type declarations that got in the way of students' expressive impetus; they had serious deficiencies in control structures; their programs lacked procedural constructs; most had no facilities for dynamic definition and execution; few had well-developed and articulate debugging, diagnostic and editing facilities, so essential for educational uses.


== Further reading ==
A Culture of Innovation: Insider Accounts of Computing and Life at BBN (PDF).


== References ==Leah K. Findlater is a Canadian and American computer scientist specializing in human-computer interaction, mobile computing, computer accessibility. She is an associate professor of computer science at the University of Washington.


== Education and career ==
Findlater studied computer science at the University of Regina, graduating with high honors in 2001. She went to the University of British Columbia (UBC) for graduate study, becoming a participant there in Maria Klawe's project on aphasia. She earned a master's degree at UBC in 2004, with the thesis Comparing Static, Adaptable, and Adaptive Menus, and completed her Ph.D. in 2009 with the dissertation Supporting Feature Awareness and Improving Performance with Personalized Graphical User Interfaces, both under the supervision of Joanna McGrenere.After postdoctoral research at the University of Washington with Professor Jacob O. Wobbrock, she joined the College of Information Studies faculty, UMIACS and the Human-Computer Interaction lab at the University of Maryland, College Park before returning to Washington as a faculty member in 2017.


== Contributions ==
Findlater's research has included work on a voice-based software assistant to help blind people navigate the internet, and an augmented reality system to provide real-time captioning for hard-of-hearing people.


== References ==


== External links ==
Home page
Leah Findlater publications indexed by Google ScholarMichael R. Fine (born November 29, 1966) is a beta testing consultant, author, and inventor. He is the author of "Beta Testing for Better Software" (Wiley, 2002), and is a founder of and currently a senior test manager at Centercode, a beta testing software and services company. Fine is actively engaged in the promotion of beta testing as a concept, speaking   on the topic, teaching courses, and authoring  several articles on it.
Fine conducted beta tests on the first Palm handheld devices, as well as the original Bluetooth designs, and was significantly involved in the launch of xDSL and WiFi. He was also actively engaged in the testing of new modem standards, starting with V.32 up through V.92. Prior to helping found Centercode, Fine was the beta test manager for Megahertz, U.S. Robotics, and ultimately, 3Com Corporation. He was responsible for managing the beta testing of 3Com's networking and communications products for three of their global divisions. 
In addition to technical writing for Iomega and several magazine articles, Fine is the author of three books:

Beta Testing for Better Software (ISBN 0471250376)
Utah: The Complete Ski and Snowboard Guide (ISBN 0881507423)
Canoeing and Kayaking Utah (ISBN 0881507032)Fine contributed to U.S. Patent 6215799 for an ISDN Analog Interface, and U.S. Patent 6275933 for a security design.
Fine's experience in quality assurance, beta testing, alpha testing, and delta testing has him teaching courses on these subjects for LinkedIn Learning.
Fine graduated from Loyola Academy in 1984, then Weber State University in 1989, and currently serves as a member of its Alumni Association Board. Fine is a member of the Pi Kappa Alpha national fraternity.


== References ==
<references>Timothy Wilking Finin (born 1949 in Walworth, Wisconsin) is the Willard and Lillian Hackerman Chair in Engineering and is a Professor of Computer Science and Electrical Engineering at the University of Maryland, Baltimore County (UMBC).  His research has focused on the applications of artificial intelligence to problems in information systems and has included contributions to natural language processing, expert systems, the theory and applications of multiagent systems, the semantic web, and mobile computing.


== Education ==
Finin earned an undergraduate degree in Electrical Engineering from MIT in 1971 and a PhD in Computer Science from the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign in 1980.


== Career ==
Prior to joining the UMBC, he held positions at the Unisys Paoli Research Center, the University of Pennsylvania, and the MIT Artificial Intelligence Laboratory. Since 2007 he has been an affiliate faculty member at the Human Language Technology Center of Excellence at Johns Hopkins University. He is the author of more than 450 refereed publications and has received research grants and contracts from a variety of sources.
He has been an organizer of several major conferences, including the IEEE Conference on Artificial Intelligence for Applications, ACM Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, ACM Autonomous Agents conference, ACM Conference on Mobile and Ubiquitous Computing, International Semantic Web Conference and IEEE International Conference on Intelligence and Security Informatics.  He served as an editor in chief of the Journal of Web Semantics from 2005 to 2016, is currently a co-editor of the Viewpoints section of Communications of the ACM and is on the editorial board of several other journals.  Finin is a former AAAI councilor and board member of the Computing Research Association.


== Awards ==
In 1997 he was selected as a fellow of the Foundation for Intelligent Physical Agents for his work on agent communication languages. The IEEE Computer Society gave him a Technical Achievement Award "for pioneering contributions to distributed intelligent systems" in 2009. In 2012 he was selected as UMBC's Presidential Research Professor for the three-year term 2012–2015.  In 2013 he was named a fellow of the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence for "significant contributions to the theory and practice of knowledge sharing in multiagent systems and on the Web, and for sustained service to the AI community".
In 2018, the Association for Computing Machinery named him an ACM Fellow for his contributions to the theory and practice of knowledge sharing in distributed systems and the World Wide Web.


== References ==Raphael Finkel (born 1951) is an American computer scientist and a professor at the University of Kentucky.  He compiled the first version of the Jargon File. He is the author of An Operating Systems Vade Mecum, a textbook on operating systems, and Advanced Programming Language Design, an introductory book on programming paradigms. Finkel and J.L. Bentley created the data structure called the quadtree.


== Biography ==
Finkel was born in Chicago. He entered the University of Chicago, where he earned his BA in mathematics and MA in teaching. He then earned a PhD at Stanford University under the supervision of Vinton Cerf.
Finkel is also an activist for the survival of the Yiddish language, promoting its use and providing fonts, various texts, and tools for writing Yiddish in personal computers.


== Notes ==


== External links ==
http://goanna.cs.rmit.edu.au/~santhas/research/paper1/node4.html
Raphael Finkel at the Mathematics Genealogy ProjectGerhard Fischer (born 1945) is a German-born computer scientist, Professor of Computer Science, a Fellow of the Institute of Cognitive Science, and the founder and director of the Center for LifeLong Learning & Design (L3D) at the University of Colorado, Boulder.


== Academic career ==
In 1971 he graduated with a Masters (Mathematics and Physical Education) from the University of Heidelberg. With a fellowship from the German Academic Exchange Service (DAAD), he spent the following two years at the University of British Columbia, Vancouver, and the University of California, Irvine. He obtained a PhD from the University of Hamburg in Computer Science (1977), followed by a postdoctoral fellowship at MIT, Cambridge, (working with Seymour Papert and the LOGO community) and Xerox Parc (working with Alan Kay and the Smalltalk community).
From 1974 to 1977 he was Research associate at the Center for Educational Technology at the Technische Hochschule Darmstadt, Germany. From 1977 to 1978 he was Research Associate at the Artificial Intelligence Laboratory at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. From 1978 to 1984 he served as an Assistant and Associate Professor at the University of Stuttgart. During these six years, he spent several extended visits at Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh to study with Herbert A. Simon who served as the primary advisor for his "Habilitation" degree that he obtained in 1983 from the University of Stuttgart.
In 1984 he accepted a position in the Computer Science Department of the University of Colorado, Boulder combined with being a Fellow of the Institute of Cognitive Science. During the years at CU Boulder, he was Stiftungsprofessor at the Department of Computer Science of the Technische Universität Darmstadt, Germany (1994-1995) and Erskine fellow at the University of Canterbury, Christchurch, New Zealand (2002-2003).He was awarded a "Chair of Excellence" at the Charles III University of Madrid (UC3M), Spain and he spent 6 months in 2012 and 2013 as a visiting professor at UC3M. He obtained a fellowship from the Hanse-Wissenschaftskolleg (HWK) an Advanced Study Institute in Delmenhorst, Germany and he spent 6 months in 2014 and 2015 at the HWK as a fellow. He was invited as a Visiting Professor to the Technical University, Vienna, Austria (October 2018) and the University of Hiroshima, Japan (April 2019).


== Research ==
Early Work (1978-1984). In his early work at the University of Stuttgart, he explored theoretical frameworks and system developments for Human-Computer Interaction and co-founded conferences in Germany on "Mensch-Maschine Kommunikation" (1980) and "Software Ergonomics" (1983).
Work at CU Boulder (1984 – 2012). His early work at CU Boulder was centered on domain-oriented design environments, critiquing systems, and the exploration of high-functionality environments.In 1994, the Center for LifeLong Learning & Design was founded and in the following years, he (in close collaboration with numerous colleagues, including specifically Ernesto Arias, Hal Eden, Michael Eisenberg, and Walter Kintsch and a large number of PhD students) explored themes in meta-design, social creativity, cultures of participation, computer-supported collaborative learning,  support environments for people with cognitive disabilities, and collaborative problem solving and decision making with table-top computing environments. 
He participated in the characterization of numerous NSF research programs (including: Lifelong Learning, Science of Design, Creativity and IT). He served as the principal advisor of 20 PhD studentsRecent Work (2013 – 2020).  His research activities are centered around

supporting collaborative problem solving and decision making with table-top computing environments.
identifying design trade-offs associated with wicked problems and exploring quality of life as a fundamental objective of human-centered design  
rethinking and reinventing learning, education, and collaboration in the digital age 
serving on numerous advisory and editorial boards
continuing to be involved in combining European and American research traditions.


== Awards ==
He was inducted into the ACM SIGCHI Academy in 2007 and was elected as a Fellow of the Association of Computing Machinery (ACM) in 2009, for contributions to human computer interaction and computer-mediated lifelong learning. In 2012, he received the RIGO award from the ACM Special Interest Group on Design of Communication (SIGDOC). In 2015, he received an honorary doctorate from the University of Gothenburg, Sweden  and was featured as one of the Pioneers of HCI 


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website
Gerhard Fischer's PublicationsKeno Fischer is a German computer scientist known for being a core member implementing the Julia programming language (e.g. its Windows support). He is an alumnus of Harvard for both his BA and MA. He works at Julia Computing, which he co-founded with Julia co-creators, Alan Edelman, Jeff Bezanson, Stefan Karpinski, Viral B. Shah and Deepak Vinchhi. He received a B.A. in mathematics and physics from Harvard in 2016, and he completed a Master of Arts in Physics also from Harvard in 2016.
At the age of 25, Fischer was selected by Forbes for their 2019 30 Under 30 –  Enterprise Technology list for his work with Julia Computing company.
Fischer, along with the rest of the Celeste team, was awarded the 2017 HPC Innovation Excellence Award for "the outstanding application of HPC for business and scientific achievements." The Celeste project, that ran on a top 6 supercomputer "created the first comprehensive catalog of visible objects in our universe by processing 178 terabytes of SDSS (Sloan Digital Sky Survey) data". "Collecting all known data about the visible universe into a meaningful model certainly is a big data problem."Fischer is one of the computer exascale simulation researchers helping to remediate nuclear waste, in a collaboration including e.g. Brown University, Nvidia, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory with "a deep learning application [..] focused on the Hanford Site, established in 1943 as part of the Manhattan Project to produce plutonium for nuclear weapons and eventually home to the first full-scale plutonium production reactor in the world [..] When plutonium production ended in 1989, left behind were tens of millions of gallons of radioactive and chemical waste in large underground tanks and more than 100 square miles of contaminated groundwater [..] the team was able to achieve 1.2 exaflop peak and sustained performance – the first example of a large-scale GAN architecture applied to SPDEs." "They trained the GAN on the Summit supercomputer, which (as of the June 2019 Top500 list) remains the world’s fastest publicly-ranked supercomputer at 148.6 Linpack petaflops. The team achieved peak and sustained performance of 1.2 exaflops, scaling to 27,504 of Summit’s Nvidia V100 GPUs and 4,584 of its nodes. [..] This physics-informed GAN, trained by HPC, allowed the researchers to quantify their uncertainties about the subsurface flow in the site." The site is "one of the most contaminated sites in the western hemisphere".Fischer is also the lead programmer of several projects using the Julia language, e.g. Cxx.jl and XLA.jl (to support Google's TPUs). And works on supporting Julia language on WebAssembly. Mozilla, the maker of Firefox web browser, with its research grants for H1 2019, sponsored "a member of the official Julia team" for the project "Bringing Julia to the Browser". He also has worked on Mozilla's rr tool.


== See also ==
Timeline of programming languages
Julia programming language


== References ==Patrick Carl Fischer (December 3, 1935 – August 26, 2011) was an American computer scientist, a noted researcher in computational complexity theory and database theory, and a target of the Unabomber.


== Biography ==
Fischer was born December 3, 1935, in St. Louis, Missouri. His father, Carl H. Fischer, became a professor of actuarial mathematics at the University of Michigan in 1941, and the family moved to Ann Arbor, Michigan where he grew up. Fischer himself went to the University of Michigan, receiving a bachelor's degree in 1957 and an MBA in 1958. He went on to graduate studies at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, earning a Ph.D. in 1962 under the supervision of Hartley Rogers, Jr., with a thesis on the subject of recursion theory.After receiving his Ph.D. in 1962, Fischer joined the faculty of Harvard University as an assistant professor of applied mathematics; his students at Harvard included Albert R. Meyer, through whom Fischer has over 250 academic descendants. as well as noted computer scientists Dennis Ritchie and Arnold L. Rosenberg. In 1965, he moved to a tenured position as associate professor of computer science at Cornell University. After teaching at the University of British Columbia from 1967 to 1968 (where he met his second wife Charlotte Froese) he moved to the University of Waterloo where he became a professor of applied analysis and computer science. At Waterloo, he was department chair from 1972 to 1974. He then moved to Pennsylvania State University in 1974, where he headed the computer science department, and moved again to Vanderbilt University as department chair in 1980. He taught at Vanderbilt for 18 years, and was chair for 15 years. He retired in 1998, and died of stomach cancer on August 26, 2011 in Rockville, Maryland.Like his father, Fischer became a fellow of the Society of Actuaries.
Fischer's second wife, Charlotte Froese Fischer, was also a computer science professor at Vanderbilt University and the University of British Columbia, and his brother, Michael J. Fischer, is a computer science professor at Yale University.


== Research ==
Fischer's thesis research concerned the effects of different models of computation on the efficiency of solving problems. For instance, he showed how to generate the sequence of prime numbers using a one-dimensional cellular automaton, based on earlier solutions to the firing squad synchronization problem, and his work in this area set the foundation for much later work on parallel algorithms. With Meyer and Rosenberg, Fischer performed influential early research on counter machines, showing that they obeyed time hierarchy and space hierarchy theorems analogous to those for Turing machines.Fischer was an early leader in the field of computational complexity, and helped establish theoretical computer science as a discipline separate from mathematics and electrical engineering. He was the first chair of SIGACT, the Special Interest Group on Algorithms and Computation Theory of the Association for Computing Machinery, which he founded in 1968. He also founded the annual Symposium on Theory of Computing, which together with the Symposium on Foundations of Computer Science is one of the two flagship conferences in theoretical computer science, and he served five times as chair of the conference.In the 1980s, Fischer's research interests shifted to database theory. His research in that area included the study of the semantics of databases, metadata, and incomplete information. Fischer did important work defining the nested relational model of databases, in which the values in the cells of a relational database may themselves be relations, and his work on the mathematical foundations of database query languages became central to the databases now used by major web servers worldwide.Fischer was also an expert in information systems and their use by educational institutions.


== Unabomber ==
Ted Kaczynski, known as the Unabomber, was a graduate student of mathematics at the University of Michigan, where Fischer's father was a professor. In 1982, Kaczynski sent the fifth of his mail bombs to Fischer, at his Penn State address; it was forwarded to Vanderbilt, where it was opened on May 5 by Fischer's secretary, Janet Smith, who was hospitalized for three weeks after the attack. Fischer claimed not to have ever met Kaczynski, and speculated that he was targeted because he "went from pure math to theoretical computer science."Kaczynski was not apprehended until 1996, and is now serving life sentences for his crimes.


== References ==Joseph A "Josh" Fisher is an American and Spanish computer scientist noted for his work on VLIW architectures, compiling, and instruction-level parallelism, and for the founding of  Multiflow Computer. He is a Hewlett-Packard Senior Fellow (Emeritus).


== Biography ==
Fisher holds a BA (1968) in mathematics (with honors) from New York University and obtained a Master's and PhD degree (1979) in Computer Science from The Courant Institute of Mathematics of New York University.Fisher joined the Yale University Department of Computer Science in 1979 as an assistant professor, and was promoted to associate professor in 1983. In 1984 Fisher left Yale to found Multiflow Computer with Yale colleagues John O'Donnell and John Ruttenberg. Fisher joined HP Labs upon the closing of Multiflow in 1990. He directed HP Labs in Cambridge, MA USA from its founding in 1994, and became an HP Fellow (2000) and then Senior Fellow (2002) upon the inception of those titles at Hewlett-Packard. Fisher retired from HP Labs in 2006.
Fisher is married (1967) to Elizabeth Fisher; they have a son, David Fisher, and a daughter, Dora Fisher. He holds Spanish citizenship due to his Sephardic heritage.


== Work ==


=== Trace Scheduling ===
In his Ph.D. dissertation, Fisher created the Trace Scheduling compiler algorithm and coined the term Instruction-level parallelism to characterize VLIW, superscalar, dataflow and other architecture styles that involve fine-grained parallelism among simple machine-level instructions. Trace scheduling was the first practical algorithm to find large amounts of parallelism between instructions that occupied different basic blocks. This greatly increased the potential speed-up for instruction-level parallel architectures.


=== The VLIW architecture style ===
Because of the difficulty of applying trace scheduling to idiosyncratic systems (such as 1970s-era DSPs) that in theory should have been suitable targets for a trace scheduling compiler, Fisher put forward the VLIW architectural style. VLIWs are normal computers, designed to run compiled code and used like ordinary computers, but offering large amounts of instruction-level parallelism scheduled by a trace scheduling or similar compiler. VLIWs are now used extensively, especially in embedded systems. The most popular VLIW cores have sold in quantities of several billion processors.


=== Multiflow Computer ===
Multiflow was founded to commercialize trace scheduling and VLIW architectures, then widely thought to be impractical. Multiflow's technical success and the dissemination of its technology and people had a great effect on the future of computer science and the computer industry.


== Awards and honors ==
1984 NSF Presidential Young Investigator's Award. (This award was meant to persuade promising faculty to stay at universities; financial grant to Yale University declined due to Fisher's leaving to start Multiflow.)
1987 Eli Whitney Connecticut Entrepreneur of the Year.
2003 Eckert–Mauchly Award given by The IEEE Computer Society and The Association for Computing Machinery, in recognition of 25 years of seminal contributions to instruction-level parallelism, pioneering work on VLIW architectures, and the formulation of the Trace Scheduling compilation technique. The Eckert-Mauchly is known as the computer architecture community’s highest award.
2012 B. Ramakrishna Rau Award given by The IEEE Computer Society for the development of trace scheduling compilation and pioneering work in VLIW (Very Long Instruction Word) architectures.


== Writings ==
Joseph A Fisher, Paolo Farabochi and Cliff Young: Embedded Computing: A VLIW Approach to Architecture, Compilers and Tools. Elsevier/Morgan Kaufmann, 2004.
Joseph A Fisher: Trace Scheduling: A Technique for Global Microcode Compaction  IEEE Trans. Computers, 30(7):478-490, 1981.
Joseph A. Fisher: Very Long Instruction Word architectures and the ELI-512 ISCA '83 Proceedings of the 10th annual international symposium on Computer architecture, Pages 140-150, ACM, New York, NY, USA. Retrospective, 25 Years of ISCA, ACM, 1998.
Joseph A. Fisher, John R. Ellis, John C. Ruttenberg, Alexandru Nicolau: Parallel Processing: A Smart Compiler and a Dumb Machine Symp. Compiler Construction, 1984: 37-47. Retrospective, Best of PLDI, ACM SIGPLAN Notices, 39(4):112, 2003.
B. Ramakrishna Rau, Joseph A. Fisher: Instruction-level parallel processing: history, overview, and perspective The Journal of Supercomputing - Special issue on instruction-level parallelism, Volume 7 Issue 1-2, May 1993. Also published by Kluwer Academic Publishers Hingham, MA, USA.


== References ==


== External links ==
Elizabeth Fisher: Multiflow Computer: A Startup Odyssey. CreateSpace, 2013.
IEEE: The VLIW Architecture of Joseph A. Fisher, Part 1 Solid-State Circuits Magazine, IEEE, 2009, Volume: 1, Issue: 2.  Also Part 2Kathleen Shanahan Fisher is an American computer scientist who specializes in programming languages and their implementation.
Professor Fisher is Chair of Computer Science at Tufts University and one of the authors of the PADS data description language and the Moby experimental concurrent programming language. She is a past Chair of the ACM Special Interest Group in Programming Languages (SIGPLAN) and has chaired three of their major conferences, ICFP in 2004, OOPSLA in 2011, and PLDI in 2019. She co-founded SIGPLAN’s Programming Language Mentoring Workshop (PLMW) Series in an effort to increase the number of women and underrepresented minorities in computer science and was Co-Chair of the Computing Research Association's Committee on the Status of Women for three years. In 2010 she was elected as a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery "for contributions to programming language design, theory, and practice, and for service to the computing community." She is also a member of the Board of Trustees of Harvey Mudd College.


== Early life and education ==
Fisher was born in 1969 in San Marino, California. Her father was an investment professional and her mother was a homemaker. She graduated from San Marino High School before attending Stanford University. In her freshman year she decided to take a computer science course to learn how to use the IBM PS/2 Model 60 computer her dad had bought her. Interested in the material she took another class and came across the Halting Problem. She found the proof behind it simple yet elegant and the experience marked a turning point in her interest in computer science. She graduated Stanford with distinction in 1991 with a B.Sc in Math and Computational Science and stayed on at Stanford for her graduate studies. In 1996 she graduated with a Ph.D in Computer Science under the supervision of Dr. John C. Mitchell. Her thesis was entitled Type Systems for Object-Oriented Languages.


== Career ==


=== Early career ===
After graduation Fisher started working at AT&T Labs Research. In April 2002 she was promoted to Principal Member of Technical Staff. From July 2008 to March 2011, she was also a Consulting Professor in Computer Science at Stanford.


=== DARPA ===
In 2011 she left AT&T Labs to become a Program Manager at DARPA. At DARPA she founded and ran the High-Assurance Cyber Military Systems (HACMS) and the Probabilistic Programming for Advancing Machine Learning (PPAML) programs. The HACMS program focused on leveraging Formal Methods to secure military vehicles from hacking. The program utilized a red team of hackers which attempted to break into a quadcopter with full knowledge of the system using any method besides a physical connection. Initially, the red team was able to quickly compromise the quadcopter, but by the end of the program they were not able to break into the quadcopter at all. This program was a huge success and has since been transitioned to more complex vehicles such as Boeing’s Unmanned Little Bird. Fisher left DARPA in July 2014 but continues to chair their ISAT Study Group.


=== Tufts University ===
Concurrent to her research at DARPA, Fisher accepted a job as a Professor of Computer Science at Tufts University where she still works today as the Department Chair. Her current research focuses on developing domain-specific languages, program synthesis, and using formal methods to secure software. At Tufts she has taught Programming Languages as well as seminars in Programming Language Design.


== Honors and awards ==
Fisher has received many honors, including:
2021 Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science.
SIGPLAN Distinguished Service Award, 2013.
Distinguished PLDI Paper, 2012.
SIGPLAN CACM Research Highlights Nominated Paper, 2012.
PLDI Best Paper Award, 2011.
ACM Fellow, 2010.
SIGPLAN CACM Research Highlights Nominated Paper, 2008.
ACM Distinguished Scientist, 2007.
Best Research Paper Award, KDD, 2000.
NSF Mathematical Sciences Postdoctoral Research Fellowship, 1996, declined.
The University of California President’s Postdoctoral Fellowship, 1996, declined.
The Student Service Award, Stanford Computer Science Department, 1995.
Hertz Foundation Fellowship, 1994 to 1996.
Finch Fellowship, 1993.
NSF Graduate Research Fellowship, 1991 to 1994.


== References ==


== External links ==
Home page
Kathleen Fisher publications indexed by Google ScholarRobert W Floyd (June 8, 1936 – September 25, 2001) was a computer scientist. His contributions include the design of the Floyd–Warshall algorithm (independently of Stephen Warshall), which efficiently finds all shortest paths in a graph, Floyd's cycle-finding algorithm for detecting cycles in a sequence, and his work on parsing. In one isolated paper he introduced the important concept of error diffusion for rendering images, also called Floyd–Steinberg dithering (though he distinguished dithering from diffusion). He pioneered in the field of program verification using logical assertions with the 1967 paper Assigning Meanings to Programs. This was a contribution to what later became Hoare logic. Floyd received the Turing Award in 1978.


== Life ==
Born in New York City, Floyd finished high school at age 14. At the University of Chicago, he received a Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) in liberal arts in 1953 (when still only 17) and a second bachelor's degree in physics in 1958. Floyd was a college roommate of Carl Sagan.Floyd became a staff member of the Armour Research Foundation (now IIT Research Institute) at Illinois Institute of Technology in the 1950s. Becoming a computer operator in the early 1960s, he began publishing many papers, including on compilers (particularly parsing). He was a pioneer of operator-precedence grammars, and is credited with initiating the field of programming language semantics in Floyd (1967). He was appointed an associate professor at Carnegie Mellon University by the time he was 27 and became a full professor at Stanford University six years later. He obtained this position without a Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) degree.
He was a member of the International Federation for Information Processing (IFIP) IFIP Working Group 2.1 on Algorithmic Languages and Calculi, which specified, maintains, and supports the programming languages ALGOL 60 and ALGOL 68.He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1974.He received the Turing Award in 1978 "for having a clear influence on methodologies for the creation of efficient and reliable software, and for helping to found the following important subfields of computer science: the theory of parsing, the semantics of programming languages, automatic program verification, automatic program synthesis, and analysis of algorithms".
Floyd worked closely with Donald Knuth, in particular as the major reviewer for Knuth's seminal book The Art of Computer Programming, and is the person most cited in that work. He was co-author, with Richard Beigel, of the textbook The Language of Machines: an Introduction to Computability and Formal Languages. Floyd supervised seven Ph.D. graduates.Floyd married and divorced twice, first with Jana M. Mason and then computer scientist Christiane Floyd, and he had four children. In his last years he suffered from Pick's disease, a neurodegenerative disease, and thus retired early in 1994.His hobbies included hiking, and he was an avid backgammon player:

We once were stuck at the Chicago O'Hare airport for hours, waiting for our flight to leave, owing to a snow storm. As we sat at our gate, Bob asked me, in a casual manner, "do you know how to play backgammon?" I answered I knew the rules, but why did he want to know? Bob said since we had several hours to wait perhaps we should play a few games, for small stakes of course. He then reached into his briefcase and removed a backgammon set.
My Dad taught me many things. One was to be wary of anyone who suggests a game of pool for money, and then opens a black case and starts to screw together a pool stick. I figured that this advice generalized to anyone who traveled with their own backgammon set. I told Bob that I was not going to play for money, no way. He pushed a bit, but finally said fine. He proceeded instead to give me a free lesson in the art and science of playing backgammon.

I was right to pass on playing him for money—at any stakes. The lesson was fun. I found out later that for years he had been working on learning the game. He took playing backgammon very seriously, studied the game and its mathematics, and was a near professional. I think it was more than a hobby. Like his research, Bob took what he did seriously, and it is completely consistent that he would be terrific at backgammon.


== Selected publications ==
Floyd, Robert W. (1967). "Assigning Meanings to Programs" (PDF).  In Schwartz, J.T. (ed.). Mathematical Aspects of Computer Science. Proceedings of Symposium on Applied Mathematics. Vol. 19. American Mathematical Society. pp. 19–32. ISBN 0821867288.
Floyd, Robert W.; Knuth, Donald Ervin (1970). The Bose-Nelson sorting problem. Stanford, California: Computer Science Department, Stanford University.
Floyd, Robert W.; Smith, Alan J. (1972). "A linear time two tape merge". Stanford, California: Computer Science Department, Stanford University. {{cite journal}}: Cite journal requires |journal= (help)
Floyd, R. W. (1979). "The paradigms of programming". Communications of the ACM. 22 (8): 455. doi:10.1145/359138.359140.
Floyd, Robert W.; Ullman, Jeffrey D. (1980). "The Compilation of Regular Expressions into Integrated Circuits". NASA Sti/Recon Technical Report N. Fairfax County, Virginia: Ft. Belvoir: Defense Technical Information Center. 81: 12334. Bibcode:1980STIN...8112334F.
Floyd, Robert W.; Beigel, Richard (1994). "The language of machines: an introduction to computability and formal languages". New York City: Computer Science Press. {{cite journal}}: Cite journal requires |journal= (help)


== Notes ==


== Further reading ==
Knuth, Donald E. (December 2003). "Robert W Floyd, In Memoriam". ACM SIGACT News. 34 (4): 3–13. doi:10.1145/954092.954488. S2CID 35605565.
Knuth, Donald E. "Memorial Resolution: Robert W. Floyd (1936-2001)" (PDF). Stanford University Faculty Memorials. Stanford Historical Society. Archived from the original (PDF) on March 12, 2012.


== External links ==
Obituary in the Stanford Report
Robert W Floyd at the Mathematics Genealogy ProjectSally Jean Floyd (May 20, 1950 – August 25, 2019) was an American computer scientist known for her work on computer networking. Formerly associated with the International Computer Science Institute in Berkeley, California, she retired in 2009 and died in August 2019.  She is best known for her work on Internet congestion control, and was in 2007 one of the top-ten most cited researchers in computer science.


== Biography ==
Born in Charlottesville, Virginia, Floyd received a BA in Sociology from the University of California - Berkeley in 1971. She received an MS in Computer Science in 1987 and a PhD in 1989, both from UC - Berkeley. Her PhD was completed under the supervision of Richard M. Karp.Floyd is best known in the field of congestion control as the inventor of Random Early Detection ("RED") active queue management scheme, thus founding the field of Active Queue Management (AQM) with Van Jacobson. Almost all Internet routers use RED or something developed from it to manage network congestion.  Floyd devised the now-common method of adding delay jitter to message timers to avoid synchronization.Floyd, with Vern Paxson, in 1997 identified the lack of knowledge of network topology as the major obstacle in understanding how the Internet works. This paper, "Why We Don't Know How to Simulate the Internet", was re-published as "Difficulties in Simulating the Internet" in 2001 and won the IEEE Communications Society's William R. Bennett Prize Paper Award.
Floyd is also a co-author on the standard for TCP Selective acknowledgement (SACK), Explicit Congestion Notification (ECN), the Datagram Congestion Control Protocol (DCCP) and TCP Friendly Rate Control (TFRC).
She received the IEEE Internet Award in 2005 and the ACM SIGCOMM Award in 2007 for her contributions to congestion control. She has been involved in the Internet Architecture Board, and was in 2007 one of the top-ten most cited researchers in computer science. Floyd died at the age of 69 on August 25, 2019 in Berkeley, California from gallbladder cancer that had metastasized. Floyd was married to Carole Leita.


== Awards ==
2007 - SIGCOMM Award from the ACM Special Interest Group on Data Communications.  Recognized as most prestigious award to a scientist in computer networking.
IEEE Communications Society's William R. Bennett Prize Paper Award for "Difficulties in Simulating the Internet", by Floyd and Vern Paxson


== Selected notable papers ==
S. Floyd and V. Jacobson, "Random Early Detection Gateways for Congestion Avoidance", IEEE/ACM Transactions on Networking (1993)
S. Floyd and K. Fall, "Promoting the Use of End-to-End Congestion Control in the Internet", IEEE/ACM Transactions on Networking (1993)
V. Paxson and S. Floyd, "Wide Area Traffic: The Failure of Poisson Modeling", IEEE/ACM Transactions on Networking (1995)
M. Mathis, J. Mahdavi and S Floyd, A Romanow, "TCP Selective Acknowledgement Options", RFC 2018 (1996)
S. Floyd and V. Paxson, "Why We Don't Know How to Simulate the Internet", Dec. 1997, Proceedings of the 1997 Winter Simulation Conference.  Re-written as "Difficulties in Simulating the Internet", IEEE/ACM Transactions on Networking, vol. 9, no. 4 (August 2001).  Winner of the IEEE Communications Society William R. Bennett Prize Paper Award, 2001.


== References ==


== External links ==
Sally Floyd's biography at ICSI retrieved 8th Jan 2011Michael J. Flynn (born May 20, 1934) is an American professor emeritus at Stanford University.


== Early life and education ==
Flynn was born in New York City.


== Career ==
Flynn proposed Flynn's taxonomy, a method of classifying parallel digital computers,  in 1966In the early 1970s, he was the founding chairman of IEEE Computer Society's Technical Committee on Computer Architecture (TCCA) and Association for Computing Machinery's Special Interest Group on Computer Architecture, ACM SIGARCH (initially SICARCH). Flynn encouraged from the beginning, joint cooperation between the two groups which now sponsors many leading joint symposiums and conferences like ACM/IEEE International Symposium on Computer Architecture (ISCA).In 1995 he received a Harry H. Goode Memorial Award.
In 2009, Flynn received an honorary doctorate from the University of Belgrade.
Flynn co-founded Palyn Associates with Maxwell Paley and in 2014 is Chairman of Maxeler Technologies.


== Bibliography ==
Flynn, Michael J. (1995). Computer architecture: pipelined and parallel processor design. Boston, MA: Jones and Bartlett. ISBN 0-86720-204-1.
Flynn, Michael J. (2001). Advanced Computer Arithmetic Design. New York, NY: Wiley. ISBN 0-471-41209-0.


== References ==


== External links ==
Stanford page
Curriculum Vitae
Flynn, Mike (Michael J.) oral history | Computer History MuseumDavid B. Fogel (born February 2, 1964) is a pioneer in evolutionary computation.Fogel received his Ph.D. in engineering from the University of California, San Diego in 1992. He is currently Chief Scientist at Trials.ai, and holds other founding positions at Natural Selection, Inc., Color Butler, Inc., and Effect Technologies, Inc., the maker of the patented EffectCheck sentiment analysis software tool. He has advised several AI companies in the areas of B2B lead generation, logistics, and employee retention, as well as other areas.
He received an honorary doctorate for his artificial intelligence research project, Blondie24, in which a deep learning adversarial neural network evolved itself into an expert checkers player. In further research, Fogel's Blondie25 evolutionary chess playing program earned wins over Fritz 8 (the fifth-ranked computer chess program in the world at the time) and was the first machine learning chess program to defeat a nationally ranked human master (James Quon).Fogel co-founded Natural Selection, Inc. in 1993, and has worked on numerous successful applications of artificial intelligence. He served as Natural Selection, Inc.'s lead consultant for Agouron Pharmaceuticals' AGDOCK (formerly EPDOCK) protein-ligand docking software (1993-1998), was principal investigator on evolutionary neural networks for breast cancer detection (1995-2000), cybersecurity for a federal agency (early 2000s), and lead program manager for Natural Selection, Inc.'s machine learning system for screening food imports for the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) (2003-2008). The latter development was fielded nationwide as part of the FDA's PREDICT screening system and Natural Selection, Inc. received an honor award from the FDA in 2010 for its efforts.  The IEEE Computational Intelligence Society recognized Natural Selection, Inc. with its inaugural Outstanding Organization Award in 2011. Fogel also led the development of evolutionary systematic market trading algorithms that were the foundation of Natural Selection Financial, Inc. (NSFIN), a registered investment advisor company, formed in 2006. NSFIN's intellectual property was acquired in 2008 by a hedge fund group.
Fogel's publications have been cited over 30,000 times. His h-index of 63 places him in the top 250 of computer scientists all time by that metric.Fogel founded the Evolutionary Programming Society in 1991 and served as the founding chairman of the Evolutionary Programming Conference in 1992. He served as chairman again in 1993. The conference ran through 1998, with proceedings published by World Scientific, MIT Press, and Springer, whereupon it merged with the IEEE Conference on Evolutionary Computation and the IEE GALESIA conference to become the Congress on Evolutionary Computation, first held in 1999. (This later became the IEEE Congress on Evolutionary Computation.) In 1996, he was appointed the founding editor-in-chief of the IEEE Transactions on Evolutionary Computation, Following the passing of Prof. Michael Conrad, Fogel became the editor-in-chief of BioSystems in 2000,. He also served as general chairman for the 2002 IEEE World Congress on Computational Intelligence. and founded the IEEE Computational Intelligence Society's Symposium Series on Computational Intelligence in 2007.  He is the author of 9 books and over 200 publications in evolutionary computing and neural networks. Fogel was president of the IEEE Computational Intelligence Society in 2008–2009. Fogel has given hundreds of public lectures at conferences, museums, and for corporate events regarding diverse aspects of AI, including the prospects of how it will be used to benefit humanity in the future.In 2017, David Fogel began curating AI, science, and technology news on www.davidfogel.com.


== Scientific honors ==
2003 - Computational Intelligence Pioneer Award, SPIE
2004 - IEEE Kiyo Tomiyasu Award
2008 - IEEE Fellow
2008 - Evolutionary Computation Pioneer Award, IEEE Computational Intelligence Society
2008 - Honorary doctorate, University of Pretoria, South Africa
2009 - Top 100 most influential alumni from UC San Diego
2012 - CajAstur Prize in Soft Computing
2019 - Top 100 AI Researchers in Drug Design and Advanced Healthcare


== Music ==
David Fogel is also an award-winning composer, creating the original orchestral score for Path of Totality: Eclipse 2017 (Music: David Fogel, Cinematography: Joe Woolbright, Sound Engineering: Gary Gray, Peter Sprague, and David Fogel), which received a 2018 Telly Award for Use of Music. Fogel released his first jazz EP, "Brighter Nights," on Spotify and other streaming services in 2018. In 2019, Fogel composed the score for Dream of a Childhood Sun, collaborating with Gary Gray (producer), which featured NASA footage of the sun and played in planetariums in the US, receiving a 2019 Telly Award for Use of Music as well as a Davey Award. He also released his first jazz LP, "Back in the Groove," on major streaming services in August 2019. Fogel created a new form of symphonic composition called a "Symphonina," a complete multi-movement symphony performed in about 10 minutes and co-founded the non-profit Symphonina Foundation with Gary Gray to promote symphonic music to younger audiences. Several of his symphonic compositions are available streaming online.    


== References ==Dr. Lawrence Jerome Fogel (March 2, 1928 – February 18, 2007) was a pioneer in evolutionary computation and human factors analysis. He is known as the inventor of active noise cancellation and the father of evolutionary programming. His scientific career spanned nearly six decades and included electrical engineering, aerospace engineering, communication theory, human factors research, information processing, cybernetics, biotechnology, artificial intelligence, and computer science.


== Aerospace engineering and antenna design ==
During 1948-1949, shortly after completing his bachelor's degree in electrical engineering from New York University, Lawrence Fogel worked at Watson Laboratories (USAF) computing radiation patterns for VHF and UHF radio direction finders for use in ground-to-air operations. He designed feedback amplifier filters to improve the signal-to-noise ratio for these radio systems. At Eglin Air Force Base, he controlled the final flight test program for the Diversity Antenna Array. Between 1950 and 1953, Fogel worked for Coles Signal Laboratory (U.S. Army Signal Corps) as an engineer in charge of the installation of electronic communication and navigation equipment in Army aircraft and helicopters. He completed his master's degree in electrical engineering at this same time from Rutgers University. During his time with Stavid Engineering, Inc. (New Jersey) between 1953 and 1956, he directed field operations of the Regulus Missile guidance system for submarines and also assisted with the design of flight instrumentation, communications, and electronics for aircraft and helicopters. As a part of this research, he formulated a solution for a mathematical model of the human operator as part of an aircraft flight control system that included such qualities as anticipation, development of a computer facility incorporating such a mode for use in the design of more effective human-machine relations. His efforts also led to five patents between 1958 and 1961 regarding active noise cancellation to reduce noise in helicopter cockpit environments for improved communication. These were the first patents in noise-cancelling headphone systems.


== Information theory and human factors research ==
Fogel was also interested in information theory and communications, especially those associated with aircraft instrument displays. He published several articles intended to link communication theory and instrument design., These investigations led to other strategies to help with air traffic control, as this was similar to the information transfer of knowledge to humans that was experienced in the cockpit.


== General Dynamics - Convair ==
In 1956, Fogel moved to San Diego, California to work for Convair, a division of General Dynamics Corporation. He worked as head of the Reliability Group with the responsibility for maintaining and improving the overall reliability of systems such as the F-102 Delta Dagger, F-106 Delta Dart, Convair 880 transport, and other missile and electronics products. He was responsible for human engineering systems design and analysis for manned aircraft. Fogel initiated a program of investigation into the use of anticipatory displays that allow the pilot to "fly ahead" of the aircraft system being controlled. He invented and patented a new display called the "Kinelog," which for the first time offered the pilot inter-sensory compatibility as a protection against the onset of vertigo.


== National Science Foundation ==
On leave from Convair, Lawrence Fogel served as Special Assistant to the Associate Director (Research) at the National Science Foundation (NSF) from July 1960 to July 1961. While at the NSF, Fogel represented the Associate Director at technical and professional meetings related to the merit of individual research proposals or to the effect of national policies on future manpower and economic and military strength. He devised mathematical models for the projection of the economic value of science funding. These projections were coordinated with many agencies including the Department of Defense, National Aeronautics and Space Administration, Department of Health, Education, and Welfare, and the United States Atomic Energy Commission. This effort culminated in a report to the U.S. Congress on the worth of investing in scientific progress. While at NSF, Fogel's interest in cybernetics, biotechnology, and consciousness led to a hypothesis that a simulation of evolution on computers could be used to generate artificial intelligence without the need for expert systems. These theories were first tested successfully upon his return to Convair in 1961.
In 1960, Fogel served as a member of the founding editorial board for the journal IRE Transactions on Human Factors in Electronics. He remained as a part of that editorial board as that journal transitioned to the IEEE and became IEEE Transactions on Man-Machine Systems, a predecessor to IEEE Systems, Man, and Cybernetics.


== General Dynamics - astronautics ==
While at Convair during 1961-1965, Fogel explored evolutionary programming for time-series prediction. These experiments validated the merit of the approach and this became the basis of Fogel's Ph.D. dissertation "On the Organization of Intellect" at the University of California, Los Angeles where he received the Ph.D. in 1964 in biotechnology with minors in mathematics and communication theory. His was the first dissertation in the field of evolutionary computation. The dissertation became the basis of several papers as well as the first book in the field of evolutionary computation Artificial Intelligence Through Simulated Evolution co-authored with Alvin Owens and Michael Walsh, also from Convair. Fogel continued to publish on these concepts in the scientific literature.In his role as Senior Staff Scientist in Astronautics for General Dynamics, he provided improved the reliability of complex missile systems and information processing systems. Fogel devised the COFEC Reliability Data System for the Atlas rocket. The Atlas was built at Convair in San Diego as America's first intercontinental ballistic missile. The Atlas D was used for Project Mercury to launch astronauts into low-Earth orbit in the 1960s. He also focused on how humans sense and process information.Fogel also became associated with the burgeoning field of cybernetics and served as the third president of the American Society for Cybernetics in 1969, following Warren McCulloch. He also served as the founding editor-in-chief for the Journal of Cybernetics and helped organize the second and third annual symposia of the American Society for Cybernetics (1964, 1965).


== Evolutionary programming ==
In 1965, Fogel left General Dynamics to form a new company, Decision Science, Inc. in San Diego, specifically for applications of evolutionary programming. He served as President and directed research and real-world applications in the areas of information science, computer simulation, prediction, and systems control. Decision Science, Inc. was the first company specifically applying evolutionary computation to solve real-world problems. The methods were further developed through the efforts of Alvin Owens and George Burgin and formed the basis of a new generation of flight simulator first deployed at Langley Research Center for the purpose of air-to-air combat training. This approach was called the Adaptive Maneuvering Logic. While at Decision Science, Fogel and Burgin also experimented with simulations of co-evolutionary games. He also continued applying evolutionary computation in many ways including modeling of human operators and thinking about biological communication.In 1982, Decision Science, Inc. was acquired by the Titan Corporation, a defense contractor in San Diego. Fogel continued working as a Vice President at Titan, and later in 1988 as a Vice President of ORINCON Corporation. In 1993, he was a co-founder in the formation of a new company, Natural Selection, Inc., which continues to apply methods of computational intelligence to real-world problems. Lawrence Fogel was the President of Natural Selection, Inc. until his death in 2007.


== Personal life ==
Fogel was also well known for his interest in radio-controlled sailboats and sailplanes. He was a passionate enthusiast and preservation advocate for the Torrey Pines Gliderport in San Diego. In the 1970s, he wrote a monthly column on RC soaring for Model Builder magazine. He was twice president of the Torrey Pines Gulls R/C Soaring Club, co-founded the Torrey Pines Scale Soaring Society, and was president of the National Soaring Society from 1975 to 1977. He was recognized with the highest membership grade of Fellow by the Academy of Model Aeronautics in 1996.
Fogel also enjoyed music and was proficient on piano, flute, saxophone, clarinet, and other instruments. He often enjoyed playing jazz at the Catamaran Hotel and other locations in San Diego and Washington, D.C.


== Professional societies ==
Acoustical Society of America
American Rocket Society
American Society for Cybernetics
Evolutionary Programming Society
Human Factors Society of America
Institute of Radio Engineers
Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (Fellow)
International Association for Cybernetics
New York Academy of Sciences (Life Member)
Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics


== Scientific honors ==
IEEE Fellow
1996 - Lifetime Achievement Award, Evolutionary Programming Society
1998 - IEEE Neural Networks Council Pioneer Award in Evolutionary Computation (inaugural awardee)
2003 - SPIE Computational Intelligence Pioneer Award (jointly with his son David B. Fogel)
2006 - IEEE Frank Rosenblatt Award (inaugural awardee)


== Patents ==
U.S. Patent 2,866,848 - Method of Improving Intelligence Under Random Noise Interference - 1958 December 30
U.S. Patent 2,920,138 - System for Improving Intelligibility - 1960 January 5
U.S. Patent 2,960,906 - Advance Flight Control Instrumentation and Control System - 1960 November 22
U.S. Patent 2,966,549 - Apparatus for Improving Intelligence Under High Ambient Noise Levels - 1960 December 27
Canadian Patent 631136 - Method of Improving Intelligence Under High Ambient Noise Levels - 1961 November 14
U.S. Patent 5,214,746 - Method and Apparatus for Training a Neural Network using Evolutionary Programming - 1993 May 25


== Selected journal publications ==
Fogel, L. J. "The Human Computer in Flight Control," IRE Transactions on Electronic Computers, Vol. EC-6, No. 3, pages 197-202, 1957.
Fogel, L. J. "A New Concept: The Kinalog System," Journal of the Human Factors Society, Vol. 1, No. 2, pages 30–37, April 1959.
Fogel L. J. and Lyman J "The Human Component," Chapter 2 in Volume 3 of The Handbook of Automation, Computation, and Control, edited by E. M. Grabbe, S. Ramo, and D. E. Woolridge, John Wiley and Sons, Inc., New York, 1961.
Fogel L. J. "Autonomous Automata," Industrial Research Magazine, Vol. 4, No. 2, pages 14–19, February 1962.
Fogel L. J., Owens AJ, and Walsh, MJ "On the Evolution of Artificial Intelligence," Proceedings of the Fifth National Symposium on Human Factors in Electronics, IEEE, San Diego, May 5–6, 1964, pages 63–76.
Fogel L. J., Owens AJ, and Walsh, MJ "An Evolutionary Prediction Technique," IEEE International Symposium on Microwaves, Circuit Theory, and Information Theory, September 1964, pages 173-174.
Fogel, L. J., Owens AJ, and Walsh, MJ "Artificial Intelligence Through a Simulation of Evolution," Chapter 14 of Biophysics and Cybernetic Sciences Symposium, edited by M. Maxfield, A. Callahan, and L. J. Fogel, Spartan Book Co., Washington, D.C., pages 131-155.
Fogel L. J., Owens AJ, and Walsh, MJ "Application of Evolutionary Programming," IEEE Systems Science and Cybernetics Conference, October 17 and 18, 1966, Washington, D.C.
Fogel L. J., "Inanimate Intellect Through Evolution," Naval Research Reviews, Vol. XX, No. 11, November 1967, pages 9–18.


== Selected books ==
Fogel, Lawrence J. Biotechnology: Concepts and Applications. Prentice Hall, New York, 1963. (reprinted in 2012 by Literary Licensing, LLC).
Maxfield, Miles, Callahan, Arthur, and Fogel, Lawrence J. Biophysics and Cybernetic Systems: Proceedings of the Second Cybernetic Sciences Symposium. Allan Hancock Foundation., 1965.
Fogel, Lawrence J., Owens, A.J., and Walsh, M.J. Artificial Intelligence Through Simulated Evolution. Wiley. New York, 1966.
Fogel, Lawrence J. Progress in Biomedical Engineering. Spartan Books. 1967.
Fogel, Lawrence J. Human Information Processing. Prentice Hall, New York, 1967.
Amosov, N.M., Finegold, L. and Fogel, Lawrence J. Modeling of Thinking and the Mind. Spartan Books. New York, 1967.
Fogel, Lawrence J.  Composite Index to Marine Science and Technology. Alfo Publishing Co., San Diego, 1968.
Fogel, Lawrence J. Intelligence Through Simulated Evolution: Forty Years of Evolutionary Programming Wiley-Interscience, New York, 1999.


== Other information ==
American Society for Cybernetics legacy page
IEEE Frank Rosenblatt Award winners
Biography in model aviation


== References ==James David Foley (born July 20, 1942) is an American computer scientist and computer graphics researcher. He is a Professor Emeritus and held  the Stephen Fleming Chair in Telecommunications in the School of Interactive Computing at Georgia Institute of Technology (Georgia Tech). He was Interim Dean of Georgia Tech's College of Computing  from 2008–2010. He is perhaps best known as the co-author of several widely used textbooks in the field of computer graphics, of which over 400,000 copies are in print and translated in ten languages. Foley most recently conducted research in instructional technologies and distance education.


== Biography ==
Born in Pennsylvania, Foley attended Lehigh University, graduating with a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering in 1964. Foley was initiated into the Phi Beta Kappa Society and Tau Beta Pi while at Lehigh. He received his Ph.D. in computer, information, and control engineering from the University of Michigan in 1969.After completing his graduate studies, Foley was first employed by the University of North Carolina. In 1977, he accepted a faculty position at George Washington University, where he became chairman of the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science. Foley joined the Georgia Tech faculty in 1991.Shortly after moving to Georgia Tech, Foley founded the GVU Center, which in 1996 was ranked first by U.S. News & World Report for graduate computer science work in graphics and user interaction. That same year, he was appointed director of the Mitsubishi Electric Research Laboratories (MERL) in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Foley also served as editor-in-chief of ACM Transactions on Graphics from 1991 to 1995.In 1997, Foley was recognized by ACM SIGGRAPH with the prestigious Steven A. Coons Award. The receipt of this biannual award places Foley among the company of computer graphics pioneers such as Andy van Dam, Jim Blinn, Edwin Catmull and Ivan Sutherland.In 2007 he was recognized by ACM SIGCHI with their Lifetime Achievement Award.Foley accepted the position of chairman and CEO of Mitsubishi Electric Information Technology Center America (MEITCA) in 1998, directing corporate R&D at four labs in North America. He returned to Georgia as Executive Director and then CEO of Yamacraw, Georgia's economic development initiative in the design of broadband systems, devices and chips.Foley became chairman of the Computing Research Association (CRA) in 2001. He stepped down from this position in 2005 but remained on CRA's board of directors until 2006.


== Foley Scholars Endowment ==
The Foley Scholars Endowment was established in honor of James Foley as part of the GVU Center's 15th anniversary celebration. The endowment funds two $5,000 scholarships awarded annually to GVU-affiliated students who demonstrate "overall brilliance and potential impact." The first two Foley Scholars were named in 2008.


== Notable awards ==
IEEE Fellow, 1986. "For contributions to computer graphics."
ACM SIGGRAPH Steven A. Coons Award for Outstanding Creative Contributions to Computer Graphics, 1997.
ACM Fellow, 1999. "Through his books, courses, papers, organizational, and professional contributions, Foley has had a broad and lasting impact on the computer graphics field and on ACM."
ACM SIGCHI Lifetime Achievement Award, 2007. "It is difficult to think of anyone who had a larger role in the institutionalization of HCI as a discipline."
National Academy of Engineering Member, 2008. "For contributions to the establishment of the fields of computer graphics and human-computer interaction."
Georgia Tech Class of 1934 Distinguished Professor Award, 2008. "The highest honor Georgia Tech bestows on faculty."


== Selected publications ==
Foley, James; A. van Dam; S. Feiner; J. Hughes (1995). Computer Graphics: Principles and Practice (2nd C ed.). Reading, MA, USA: Addison-Wesley. p. 1174.
——; ——; ——; ——; R. Phillips (1993). Introduction to Computer Graphics. Reading, MA, USA: Addison-Wesley. p. 559.
——; ——; ——; —— (1990). Computer Graphics: Principles and Practice. Reading, MA, USA: Addison-Wesley. p. 1174.
——; —— (1982). Fundamentals of Interactive Computer Graphics. Reading, MA, USA: Addison-Wesley (IBM Systems Programming Series). p. 664. Bibcode:1982ficg.book.....F.


== References ==


== External links ==
James Foley's home pageKenneth M. Ford is an American computer scientist who is the chief executive officer of the Florida Institute for Human and Machine Cognition (IHMC), a research center affiliated with the State University System of Florida. He resides in Pensacola, Florida, with his wife Nancy.


== Early life and education ==
Ford was born in 1955 to Gayle Kenneth Ford and Lavonne Jewell Ford. He attended East Greenwich High School and Rhode Island College. Ford served in the United States Navy from 1976 to 1983. He obtained a B.S. from New Hampshire College in 1983, his M.S. in systems science from the University of West Florida in 1984, and a Ph.D. in computer science from Tulane University in 1988. He became an assistant professor in computer science at the University of West Florida in 1988 and a full professor in 1997. In the early 1990s, he and fellow University of West Florida professor Alberto Cañas cofounded IHMC on the University of West Florida campus.


== Career ==
Ford is best known for his contributions in the areas of AI and human-centered computing, as well as the co-founding of IHMC in 1990. The Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence elected Ford a fellow in 2000 for his "leadership in exploring and explaining foundational issues and in establishing large-scale AI research programs and institutions."Ford has served as IHMC's director since its founding, except for 1997 and 1998 when he took a leave of absence to work at NASA. The agency asked Ford to establish and direct its new Center of Excellence (COE) for Information Technology at the Ames Research Center. He spent the next two years at NASA as the COE's director as well as the associate director of NASA's Ames Research Center before returning to Florida and IHMC.
President George W. Bush nominated Ford in 2002 to serve on the National Science Board. The Senate confirmed the nomination, and Ford served on the board from 2002 to 2008. He also served as a member of the United States Air Force Scientific Advisory Board from 2005 to 2009. In 2007, Ford was appointed to the NASA Advisory Council. On October 16, 2008, Ford was named as chairman – a capacity in which he served until October 2011. In February of 2012, Ford was appointed to the Defense Science Board (DSB), and in 2013 he became a member of the Advanced Technology Board (ATB) which supports the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI). In 2018, Ford was named to the 15-member National Security Commission on Artificial Intelligence, a congressionally mandated commission assigned to address AI issues related to the national security and defense needs of the United States.Since 2016, he has been the co-host of IHMC's podcast, STEM-Talk, an educational service of the institute that is described as "conversations with some of the most interesting people in the world of science and technology."


== Honors and awards ==
NASA awarded Ford its Outstanding Leadership Medal in 1999 for his leadership at NASA Ames Research Center. In 2005, Ford received the Doctor Honoris Causas from the University of Bordeaux. After becoming an AAAI fellow in 2000, Ford received the Robert S. Engelmore Memorial Award from AAAI in 2008. In August 2010, Dr. Ford was awarded NASA's Distinguished Public Service Medal – the highest civilian honor the agency confers. In 2012, Tulane University named Ford its Outstanding Alumnus in the School of Science and Engineering. In 2015, the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence named Ford the recipient of the 2015 Distinguished Service Award. Also in 2015, Dr. Ford was elected as Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS). In 2017, Ford was inducted into the Florida Inventors Hall of Fame. In 2020, Florida Trend named Ford one of its Living Legends, a list of all-time influential Florida leaders in business, medicine, academia, entertainment, politics, and sport.


== References ==Charles L. Forgy (born December 12, 1949, in Texas) is a computer scientist, known for developing the Rete algorithm used in his OPS5 and other production system languages used to build expert systems.


== Biography ==


=== Early life ===
Forgy attended Woodrow Wilson High School in Dallas, Texas, and then advanced to Arlington State College (now University of Texas at Arlington, or UTA) graduating with a degree in mathematics in 1972. From there he went to Carnegie Institute of Technology (later Carnegie Mellon University) at Pittsburgh, a renowned center for study of artificial intelligence. While studying at Carnegie he met his future wife, Diana, whom he married in 1977.


=== Rete ===
As a student of Allen Newell, he received his Ph.D. in 1979 based on the Rete algorithm. Even though Forgy did not work directly on the DEC XCON AI problem of configuring computers for DEC in the late 1970s and early 1980s, the Rete algorithm was later incorporated into the system for more speed. The XCON used the early versions of OPS (Official Production System) that migrated to OPS2 and later OPS5.
DEC reported that XCON saved at least $1M USD per year. XCON, a project headed up by John McDermott and later shifted over to DEC programmers, was eventually composed of over 10K rules. The Rete (Latin for "network") algorithm allowed systems to run as much as 3,000 times faster in those days. The original Rete algorithm was developed under a DOD grant and, as such, is public domain.


=== Rete II and III ===
Forgy remained at Carnegie Mellon post-graduation and worked on further improvements to OPS5; in 1983 he formed a company called Production Systems Technologies to develop and sell rule-based software, where he developed "Rete 2", a more efficient successor to Rete. Rete 2 enabled rule-based programs to run between 50 and 100 times faster than the original Rete algorithm, depending on the complexity of the rules and objects.  (The more complex, the faster the comparative results.)  Rete 2 is incorporated in CLIPS/R2, OPSJ and FICO's Blaze Advisor.
Forgy was a founder and chief scientist for Rules Power, a Work Flow Management company founded in 2002 and based in Boston. During that time, Forgy incorporated Rete 2 with Relational Logic Technology, which became named "Rete III". The performance of Rete 2 and Rete III are virtually the same but Rete III has some extensions that allow it to work more efficiently with RLT but slows it down on benchmarks.


=== Rete-NT ===
Forgy worked a next-generation algorithm, called Rete-NT, that has improved the execution speed by another order of magnitude.  To this date Sparkling Logic SMARTS is the only BRMS product that uses this algorithm.


=== Present times ===
In 2005, RulesPower was acquired by Fair Isaac Corporation, who obtained a license to integrate Rete III into Blaze Advisor, their own business rules product.
Forgy retained the intellectual property rights to Rete 2 and his personal company, Production Systems Technology, still sells OPSJ and other systems that incorporate the Rete 2 algorithm.  KnowledgeBased Systems Corporation, an independent consulting company in Texas, maintains an extensive set of benchmarks for most BRMS and rulebased systems that demonstrate the effectiveness of the Rete and Rete 2 algorithms. Forgy has often described PST as a research-oriented company rather than a vendor of BRMS tools, but he does sell various rulebased tools via PST.
Forgy terminated his relationship with FICO in 2010 and joined Sparkling Logic as investor and strategic advisor.  He has contributed his latest algorithm, RETE-NT, to the Sparkling Logic SMARTS product.


== References ==


== External links ==
Production Systems Technologies (company founded by Forgy)
RulesPower assets acquired by Fair Isaac
KnowledgeBased Systems CorporationStephanie Forrest (born circa 1958) is an American computer scientist and director of the Biodesign Center for Biocomputing, Security and Society at the Biodesign Institute at Arizona State University. She was previously Distinguished Professor of Computer Science at the University of New Mexico in Albuquerque.  She is best known for her work in adaptive systems, including genetic algorithms, computational immunology, biological modeling, automated software repair, and computer security.


== Biography ==
After earning her BA from St. John's College in 1977, Forrest studied Computer and Communication Sciences at the University of Michigan, where she received her MS in 1982, and in 1985 her PhD, with a thesis entitled "A study of parallelism in the classifier system and its application to classification in KL-ONE semantic networks."
After graduation Forrest worked for Teknowledge Inc. and at the Center for Nonlinear Studies of the Los Alamos National Laboratory. In 1990 she joined the University of New Mexico, where she was appointed Professor of Computer Science and directs the Computer Immune Systems Group, and the Adaptive Computation Laboratory. From 2006 to 2011 she chaired the Computer Science Department. In the 1990s she was also affiliated with the Santa Fe Institute, where she was Interim Vice President for the 1999–2000 term.In 1991, Forrest was awarded the NSF Presidential Young Investigator Award, and in 2009 she received the IFIP TC2 Manfred Paul Award for Excellence in Software. In 2011, she was awarded the ACM - AAAI Allen Newell Award.


== Work ==
Forrest's research interests are in the field of "adaptive systems, including genetic algorithms, computational immunology, biological modeling, automated software repair, and computer security."According to the National Academies her research since the 1990s has included "developing the first practical anomaly intrusion-detection system; designing automated responses to cyberattacks; writing an early influential paper proposing automatic software diversity and introducing instruction-set randomization as a particular implementation; developing noncryptographic privacy-enhancing data representations; agent-based modeling of large-scale computational networks; and recently, work on automated repair of security vulnerabilities. She has conducted many computational modeling projects in biology, where her specialties are immunology and evolutionary diseases, such as Influenza and cancer."


== Selected bibliography ==
Forrest has authored and co-authored many publications in her field of expertise. A selection:

Forrest, Stephanie, et al. "Self-nonself discrimination in a computer." Research in Security and Privacy, 1994. Proceedings., 1994 IEEE Computer Society Symposium on. Ieee, 1994.
Forrest, Stephanie, et al. "A sense of self for unix processes." Security and Privacy, 1996. Proceedings., 1996 IEEE Symposium on. IEEE, 1996.
Hofmeyr, Steven A., Stephanie Forrest, and Anil Somayaji. "Intrusion detection using sequences of system calls." Journal of computer security 6.3 (1998): 151–180.
Warrender, Christina, Stephanie Forrest, and Barak Pearlmutter. "Detecting intrusions using system calls: Alternative data models." Security and Privacy, 1999. Proceedings of the 1999 IEEE Symposium on. IEEE, 1999.
Hofmeyr, Steven A., and Stephanie Forrest. "Architecture for an artificial immune system." Evolutionary computation 8.4 (2000): 443–473.


== References ==


== External links ==
Stephanie Forrest at the University of New Mexico
Stephanie Forrest at Arizona State UniversityDavid A. Forsyth is an South African born American computer scientist and full professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign.


== Education ==
Forsyth holds Bachelor of Science and Master of Science degrees in Electrical Engineering from the University of the Witwatersrand, Johannesburg. He was awarded a Doctor of Philosophy degree from the University of Oxford for research supervisor J. Michael Brady in 1988.


== Career and research ==
He was a full professor at the University of California, Berkeley before moving to the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign. He co-authored, with UIUC CS Professor Jean Ponce, 2002's "Computer Vision: A Modern Approach", one of the leading publications addressing the topic. He has published over 100 papers on computer vision, computer graphics and machine learning. He served as program co-chair for IEEE Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition in 2000, general co-chair for IEEE CVPR 2006, program co-chair for ECCV 2008, program co-chair for IEEE CVPR 2011, general co-chair for IEEE CVPR 2015, and is a regular member of the program committee of all major international conferences on computer vision. He served on the NRC Committee on "Protecting Kids from Pornography and other Inappropriate Material on the Internet", which sat for three years and produced a study widely praised for its sensible content. He has received best paper awards at the International Conference on Computer Vision and at the European Conference on Computer Vision.
Forsyth's research interest also includes graphics and machine learning; he served as a committee member of ICML 2008.


== Awards and honors ==
In 2013, he was elected a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery.


== References ==Alexandra Winifred Illmer Forsythe (May 20, 1918 – January 2, 1980) was an American computer scientist best known for co-authoring a series of computer science textbooks during the 1960s and 1970s, including the first ever computer science textbook, Computer Science: A First Course, in 1969.


== Biography ==
Forsythe was born in Newton, Massachusetts and raised in Cortland, New York. She attended Swarthmore College, where she met her future husband George Forsythe, and earned her bachelor's degree in mathematics. She and George were both accepted to the PhD program in mathematics at Brown University. Although an exceptional student, she was unable to continue in the program because the dean did not approve of female mathematicians and cut her fellowship support. She eventually left Brown and completed her master's degree at Vassar College in 1941 while serving as an instructor.In 1969, Forsythe published Computer Science: A First Course. In 1975, she published a second edition. In 1978, Forsythe and a co-author, E. I. Organick, published Programming Language Structures.Forsythe taught at Stanford and the University of Utah.Alexandra Forsythe was married to George Forsythe and helped establish the computer science program at Stanford University.


== Books ==
Forsythe, Alexandra I.; Keenan, Thomas; Organick, Elliott; Sternberg, Warren (1969). Computer science: A First Course (1 ed.). New York: Wiley. p. 741. ISBN 0471266809.
Forsythe, Alexandra I.; Keenan, Thomas; Organick, Elliott; Stenberg, Warren (1970). Computer science: BASIC Language (1 ed.). New York: Wiley. ISBN 0471266779.
Organick, Elliott; Forsythe, Alexandra I.; Plummer, Robert (1978). Programming Language Structures (2 ed.). New York: Academic Press. ISBN 9780125282604.


== References ==George Elmer Forsythe (January 8, 1917 – April 9, 1972) was the founder and head of Stanford University's Computer Science Department. George came to Stanford in the Mathematics Department in 1959, and served as professor and chairman of the Computer Science department from 1965 until his death. Forsythe served as the president of the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM), and also co-authored four books on computer science and a fifth on meteorology, and edited more than 75 other books on computer science.
Forsythe married Alexandra I. Forsythe, who wrote the first published textbook in computer science and actively participated in her husband's work, while promoting a more active role for women than was common at the time. Between 1950 and 1958 both of them programmed using the SWAC at the National Bureau of Standards (NBS) in Los Angeles and later at UCLA after the western division of NBS was closed due to political pressures (see Oral History cited below). With his wife, Forsythe had a daughter and a son.
According to Donald Knuth, Forsythe's greatest contributions were helping to establish computer science as its own academic discipline and starting the field of refereeing and editing algorithms as scholarly work.
Professor Forsythe supervised 17 PhD graduates; many of them went into academic careers. He won a Lester R. Ford Award in 1969 and again in 1971.


== Books by Forsythe ==
Dynamic Meteorology (with William Gustin and Jørgen Holmboe), John Wiley & Sons, New York, 1945, 378+xvi pp.
Bibliographical Survey of Russian Mathematical Monographs, 1930 to 1951. National Bureau of Standards Report, 1628. Washington, DC: National Bureau of Standards. 1952.
Bibliography of Russian Mathematics Books, Chelsea, New York, 1956, 106 pp.
Numerical analysis and partial differential equations. Contemporary state of numerical analysis, Wiley 1958 (with Paul C. Rosenbloom: Linear partial equations)
Finite Difference Methods for Partial Differential Equations (with Wolfgang Wasow), John Wiley, New York, 1966, 444 pp.
Computer Solution of Linear Algebraic Systems (with Cleve B. Moler), Prentice-Hall, Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey, 1967, 153 pp.
Computer methods for mathematical computations (with Michael A. Malcolm and Cleve B. Moler), Prentice-Hall Series in Automatic Computation, Prentice-Hall., Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey, 1977.  MR0458783 ISBN 0-13-165332-6 This book about numerical methods was partly finished when Forsythe died.Knuth's 1972 CACM article lists all of Forsythe's published works.


== References ==


== External links ==
O'Connor, John J.; Robertson, Edmund F., "George Forsythe", MacTutor History of Mathematics archive, University of St Andrews
George Elmer Forsythe at the Mathematics Genealogy Project 
George E. Forsythe at DBLP Bibliography Server 
Oral history interview with Alexandra Forsythe, Charles Babbage Institute, University of Minnesota.  Forsythe discusses the career of her husband, George Forsythe, and his founding and early years of the Stanford Computer Science Department.
Oral history interview with Albert H. Bowker, Charles Babbage Institute.  Bowker discusses his role in the formation of the Stanford University computer science department, his hiring of George Forsythe in 1959, and the creation of a Division of Computer Science in 1963
Oral history interview with John Herriot, Charles Babbage Institute, University of Minnesota.  Discusses the formation and development of the Stanford Computer Science Department, centering on the role of George Forsythe.Farshad Fotouhi is the dean of Wayne State University's college of engineering. Farshad Fotouhi joined Wayne State University in 1988 as faculty in the Department of Computer Science. From 2000 to 2004, he was associate chair of the department, and from 2004 to 2010 he was chair.


== Life and career ==


=== Schooling and research ===
He holds a bachelor's in Computer Science from Western Michigan University and a Ph.D. in Computer Science from the College of Engineering at Michigan State University.Fotouhi's research includes biomedical informatics, multimedia systems and the Semantic Web. He has published more than 190 papers in academic journals and conference proceedings.  His research has been supported by the National Science Foundation, the National Institutes of Health, the National Institute of Drug Abuse, Michigan Life Sciences Corridor, as well as Ford Motor Company and other companies.He has been a program committee member for various conferences related to his research interests and is a member of the editorial board of IEEE Multimedia Magazine, chair of the Steering Committee of IEEE Transactions on Multimedia, and a member of the editorial board of the International Journal of Semantic Web and Information Systems. In recent years, Dr. Fotouhi has organized several workshops including the Workshop on Privacy in Information Society, the IEEE Workshop on Scientific Workflow, and the ACM workshop on the Many Faces of Multimedia Semantics.
He was appointed dean of Wayne State University's college of engineering in March 2011.


== See also ==
Wayne State University
List of Wayne State University people


== References ==


== External links ==
Fotouhi's official website at Wayne State UniversityMargaret R. Fox (1916-2006) was an American electronics engineer and computer scientist. She was the Chief of the Office of Computer Information, part of the Institute for Computer Science and Technology of the National Bureau of Standards (now the National Institute of Standards and Technology) from 1966 to 1975 and was the first secretary of the American Federation of Information Processing Societies.


== Education ==
Fox graduated from Wisconsin State College of Milwaukee in 1940.


== Work ==
She taught school before joining the U.S. Naval Reserve in 1943. She was stationed at the Naval Research Station in Washington, D.C. and after her discharge in 1946, she continued working as an electronics engineer in radar. Fox joined the National Bureau of Standards as a member of the technical staff of the Electronic Computer Laboratory in 1951 and later joined the Research Information Center and Advisory Service on Information Processing, where she produced reviews and bibliographies. Along with Samuel N. Alexander, Fox prepared and planned a series of college computer courses beginning in 1966. She chaired the Technical Program Committee and in 1973, she became representative of the Bureau's Center for Computer Sciences and Technology.She was appointed Chief of the Office of Computer Information, part of the Institute for Computer Science and Technology of the National Bureau of Standards (now the National Institute of Standards and Technology) in 1966. Fox held this position until 1975.


== Society of Women Engineers ==
Fox was in charge of the Technical Program for the first International Conference of Women Engineers and Scientists (ICWES) which was held in New York City, United States of America in 1964 and was organised by the Society of Women Engineers (SWE). She worked alongside Beatrice Hicks the Conference Director and Ruth Shafer the Operations Chairman and Elsie Eaves who managed the PR for the conference.Fox was elected a Fellow of SWE in 1991.


== References ==


== Further reading ==
Oral history interview with Margaret R. Fox, interviewed April 13, 1984, by James Baker Ross.  Charles Babbage Institute, University of Minnesota.Peter Arthur Fox (5 May 1959 – 27 March 2021) was a data science and Semantic eScience researcher at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute (RPI), United States. He was a Tetherless World Constellation chair and professor of Earth and Environmental Science, Computer Science and Cognitive Science, and director of the Information Technology and Web Science Program at RPI. He was known for defining informatics and data science in earth sciences, bringing Semantic Web research to that community,  as well as defining the sun-earth connection research agenda and co-convening the community. Fox was born in Devonport, Tasmania, Australia and resided in Troy, NY, United States until his death on 27 March 2021, at the age of 61.


== Education and early career ==
While studying at Monash University, in Victoria (B.Sc., Mathematics, 1979; B.Sc. (Hons I), Mathematics, 1980; and Ph.D. Applied Mathematics, 1985), Fox worked as a Lecturer in the Mathematics department of Chisholm Institute of Technology (1982–83) and as Assistant Research Scientist in the Mathematics department at Monash University (1983–85).
At the end of December 1985, Fox started his life as a Post Doctoral Fellow (1986–88), and later as an Associate Research Scientist (1988–91) at the Center for Solar and Space Research at Yale University. Fox also taught a course in Astronomy for non-science majors at Yale geared toward students pursuing a liberal arts degree.
While at Yale, Fox was attending a workshop in Boulder, Colorado when he received an invitation to give a talk at the National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR). Subsequently, a job offer from NCAR was extended and accepted, where he would remain until 2008.


== Later career and positions ==
From 1991 to 2008, Fox was at the High Altitude Observatory (HAO) of NCAR in Boulder, Colorado, as Scientist until 1995, and Chief Computational Scientist from 1995 to 2008. While at HAO, Fox wrote detailed technical schema that remains decades ahead of its time to this date.
Early in 2008, while employed at HAO, Fox was being actively recruited by a number of academic and research organizations in the U.S.A. and internationally. In September 2008 he accepted a Chaired Full Professor appointment with Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute (RPI) in Troy, New York. Fox was the third senior chair in the Tetherless World Constellation (TWC)  joining James Hendler and Deborah McGuinness.
RPI's TWC pursues disciplinary research and education themes centered on the World Wide Web. Peter Fox was the lead professor for the research areas: Data Frameworks, Data Science, Semantic eScience and XInformatics. Since 2009, the team has three applications themes: Open Government Data, Environmental Informatics, and Health Care and Life Science Informatics. Fox's primary  appointment was in the Department of Earth and Environmental Sciences in the School of Science. Appointments in the Departments of Computer Science (2008) and Cognitive Science (2014) followed.
In 2012, Fox assumed the directorship of the Information Technology and Web Science (ITWS) academic program  to set that program in a very data oriented direction. Around this time, the U.S. Navy was searching for an institution to train select officers in Information Dominance. While originally looking at ivy league universities, the Navy ultimately selected a one-year program that Fox developed.One of the institutions who actively recruited Fox in 2008, Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution (WHOI), offered him an adjunct appointment in Applied Ocean Physics and Engineering, which remains in place to date. In this role, Fox systematically facilitated the process for WHOI to incorporate Semantic Web and Informatics in research.
Fox was past president of the Federation of Earth Science Information Partners (ESIP), co-founder and past chair of the International Union of Geodesy and Geophysics (IUGG) Union Commission on Data and Information (UCDI) and of the American Geophysical Union (AGU) Special Focus Group on Earth and Space Science Informatics (ESSI). Fox was an associate editor for the Earth Science Informatics journal and a member of the editorial board for Computers & Geosciences. Fox also served on the International Council for Science's Strategic Coordinating Committee for Information and Data and the Research Data Alliance's Technical Advisory Board.


== Honors and awards ==
2018:  Fellow, American Association for the Advancement of Science2015:  Fellow, American Geophysical Union2014:  Rensselaer Trustees Award for Academic and Intellectual Achievement2012:  Rensselaer Trustees Award for Academic and Intellectual Achievement2012:  Ian McHarg Medal, European Geosciences Union2012:  Martha Maiden Lifetime Achievement Award, Federation of Earth Science Information Partners (ESIP)2009:  Rensselaer Constellation Chair Medal


== Research and education agenda ==
Fox's research and education agenda covered the fields of data science and analytics, ocean and environmental informatics, computational logic, semantic Web, cognitive bias, semantic data frameworks, and solar and solar-terrestrial physics. The results were applied to large-scale distributed scientific repositories addressing the full life-cycle of data and information within specific science and engineering disciplines as well as among disciplines.


== Books ==
2015: "Semantic eScience" (editor), Springer, Berlin. Special Issue of Earth Science Informatics, ISSN 1865-04732015: "The Semantic Web in Earth and Space Science: Current Status and Future Directions" (editor), IOS Press, Amsterdam, The Netherlands. ISBN 978-1-61499-500-52015: "Collaborative Knowledge in Scientific Research Networks" (editor), IGI Global, Hershey, PA. ISBN 978-1-4666-6567-52004: "Solar Variability and its Effect on the Earth’s Atmosphere and Climate System" (editor), AGU Monograph Series 141, American Geophysical Union, Washington D.C. ISBN 978-0-87590-406-12000: "Geophysical and Astrophysical Convection" (editor), Gordon and Breach Science Publishers, The Netherlands. ISBN 90-5699-258-9


== References ==Phyllis Ann Fox (born March 13, 1923) is an American mathematician and computer scientist.


== Early life and education ==
Fox was raised in Colorado. She did her undergraduate studies at Wellesley College, earning a B.A. in mathematics in 1944.From 1944 until 1946 she worked for General Electric as an operator for their differential analyser project. She earned a second baccalaureate, a B.S. in electrical engineering, from the University of Colorado in 1948. She then moved on to graduate studies at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, earning an M.S. in 1949 in electrical engineering, and a doctorate (Sc.D.) in mathematics in 1954 under the supervision of Chia-Chiao Lin. During this time, she also worked as an assistant on the Whirlwind project at MIT, under Jay Forrester.


== Later career ==
From 1954 to 1958, Fox worked on the numerical solution of partial differential equations on the Univac, for the Computing Center of the United States Atomic Energy Commission at the Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences of New York University. In 1958, following her husband, she returned to Forester's system dynamics research group at MIT, where she became part of the team that wrote the DYNAMO programming language.  She then became a collaborator on the first LISP interpreter, and the principal author of the first LISP manual.In 1963, she moved from MIT to the Newark College of Engineering, where she became a full professor in 1972. During this time, she also consulted for Bell Labs, where she moved in 1973 to work on a highly portable numerics library (PORT). She retired from Bell Labs in 1984.


== Recognition ==
Fox was named a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in 1986.


== References ==Robert Bertrand France (October 8, 1960 – February 15, 2015) was a Jamaica-born American computer scientist.Robert B. France was born in Jamaica on October 8, 1960, the eldest son of Robert W. and Jeanette France. He attended high school in Guyana and studied for a BSc degree in Natural Sciences at the University of the West Indies in Saint Augustine, Trinidad and Tobago, majoring in Computer Science and Mathematics and receiving a first class degree in 1984. He then attended Massey University in New Zealand funded by a Commonwealth Scholarship, where he achieved a PhD degree in computer science in 1990. During the same year, he married Sheriffa R. Soleyn in Saint Vincent. They emigrated to the United States together and in due course moved to Fort Collins, Colorado.
During 1990–92, France was a postdoctoral research associate at the Institute for Advanced Computer Studies, University of Maryland. From 1992 to 1997, he was an assistant professor in the computer science and engineering department at Florida Atlantic University (FAU), becoming tenured in 1997–98. France was then appointed an associate professor from 1998 until 2004 and then full professor at Colorado State University within the department of computer science. He undertook research on model-driven software development, especially concerning formal software modeling languages and associated analysis tools. He was co-founder and editor-in-chief of the Software and Systems Modeling journal from 1999 until 2015.In 2008, Robert France and his co-authors Andy Evans, Kevin Lano, and Bernhard Rumpe, were awarded the Ten Year Most Influential Paper Award at the MODELS 2008 Conference on Model Driven Engineering Languages and Systems for the 1998 paper "The UML as a Formal Modeling Notation". In 2013, France was awarded a five-year International Chair at INRIA in France. He was awarded a senior Dahl–Nygaard Prize for his research by the Association Internationale pour les Technologies Objets (AITO) in 2014. In the same year, he was awarded a Colorado State University, College of Natural Sciences Professor Laureate and an Excellence in Science and Technology Award from the Institute of Caribbean Studies.
Robert France died on February 15, 2015. He had a son and daughter with his wife, Sheriffa.


== Selected publications ==
Evans, A.; France, R.; Lano, K.; Rumpe, B. (1998). "The UML as a formal modeling notation". International Conference on the Unified Modeling Language. Lecture Notes in Computer Science. Springer-Verlag. 1618: 336–348. arXiv:1409.6919. doi:10.1007/978-3-540-48480-6_26. ISBN 978-3-540-66252-5. S2CID 32729.
France, R.B.; Kim, D.K.; Ghosh, S.; Song, E. (March 2004). "A UML-based pattern specification technique". IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering. 30 (3): 193–206. doi:10.1109/TSE.2004.1271174. S2CID 401141.
France, R.; Rumpe, B. (23–25 May 2007). "Model-driven development of complex software: A research roadmap". Future of Software Engineering (FOSE'07). IEEE: 37–54. arXiv:1409.6620. doi:10.1109/FOSE.2007.14. ISBN 978-0-7695-2829-8. S2CID 14920149.
Blair, G.; Bencomo, N.; France, R.B. (October 2009). "Models@ run.time". Computer. IEEE. 42 (10): 22–27. doi:10.1109/MC.2009.326. S2CID 17647617.
Turk, D.; France, R.; Rumpe, B. (2014). "Limitations of agile software processes". arXiv:1409.6600 [cs.SE].


== References ==


== External links ==
Robert France home page
Robert France on ResearchGate
Dr. Robert France, Professor, Computer Science, Colorado State University on Vimeo
Robert B. France on DBLP
Robert France publications indexed by Google Scholar
Robert France at the Mathematics Genealogy ProjectJoan Francioni is an American Professor of Computer Science who works at the Winona State University in Winona, Minnesota. She received the first Ph.D. in Computer Science awarded by Florida State University in 1981. Francioni is noted for working with a number of community projects, including the Sustainable Foods Partnership and her work with visually impaired students.


== Career ==
Francioni's dissertation was Decomposition of Fuzzy Switching Functions at Florida State University 1981. 
Francioni started at her career at Litton Data Systems, where she worked for two years before working at a number of educational institutions, including Florida State University, Michigan Technological University and the University of Louisiana in Lafayette.  Francioni then gained experience working for one year as a visiting scientist at the North Carolina Supercomputing Center. Francioni joined Winona State University in 1998 as a Full Professor.
In her early career, Francioni researched and made contributions in parallel computing and parallel debugging. Later in her career her research focused on computer science education, specialising in visually impaired students.
Francioni has collaborated on 35 scientific publications and served on numerous program committees, including being a department chair for 10 years. She is a member of the Advisory Committee for the Women's and Gender Studies Program at Winona State University and is the Faculty Liaison for the Center for Engaged Teaching and Scholarship.


== References ==Marguerite Straus Frank (born September 8, 1927) is a French-American mathematician who is a pioneer in convex optimization theory and mathematical programming.


== Education ==
After attending secondary schooling in Paris and Toronto, Frank contributed largely to the fields of transportation theory and Lie algebras, which later became the topic of her PhD thesis, New Simple Lie Algebras.  She was one of the first female PhD students in mathematics at Harvard University, completing her dissertation in 1956, with  Abraham Adrian Albert as her advisor.


== Contributions ==
Together with Philip Wolfe in 1956 at Princeton, she invented the Frank–Wolfe algorithm, an iterative optimization method for general constrained non-linear problems. While linear programming was popular at that time, the paper marked an important change of paradigm to more general non-linear convex optimization.
This algorithm is used widely in traffic models to assign routes to strategic models such as those using Saturn (software).


== Career ==
Frank was part of the Princeton logistics project led by Harold W. Kuhn and Albert W. Tucker.
In 1977, she became an adjunct associate professor at Columbia University, before moving to Rider University. Marguerite Frank was a visiting professor to Stanford (1985–1990), and ESSEC Business School in Paris (1991).


== Recognition ==
She was elected a member of the New York Academy of Sciences in 1981.


== Personal life ==
Marguerite Frank was born in France and migrated to U.S. during the war in 1939. She was married to Joseph Frank from 1953 until his death in 2013.  He was a Professor of literature at Stanford and an author of widely acclaimed critical biography of Dostoevsky.


== Selected publications ==
Frank, M (1954). "A New Class of Simple Lie Algebras". Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. 40 (8): 713–719. Bibcode:1954PNAS...40..713F. doi:10.1073/pnas.40.8.713. PMC 534147. PMID 16589544.
Frank, M.; Wolfe, P. (1956). "An algorithm for quadratic programming". Naval Research Logistics Quarterly. 3 (1–2): 95–110. doi:10.1002/nav.3800030109.
Frank, M. (1964). "Two New Classes of Simple Lie Algebras". Transactions of the American Mathematical Society. 112 (3): 456–482. doi:10.2307/1994156. JSTOR 1994156.
Frank, M. (1973). "A New Simple Lie Algebra of Characteristic Three". Proceedings of the American Mathematical Society. 38 (1): 43–46. doi:10.2307/2038767. JSTOR 2038767.
Frank, M. (1981). "The Braess paradox". Mathematical Programming. 20: 283–302. doi:10.1007/BF01589354. S2CID 206800589.
Frank, M.; Mladineo, R. H. (1993). "Computer generation of network cost from one link's equilibrium data". Annals of Operations Research. 44 (3): 261. doi:10.1007/BF02072642. S2CID 33907141.


== References ==


== External links ==
"Marguerite Frank - Inventor of the Frank-Wolfe Algorithm - Honorary Discussion Panel". Frank-Wolfe and Greedy Algorithms (NIPS 2013 Workshop). YouTube. Retrieved 2017-03-06.David S. Frankel (born 1950) is an American Information Technology expert and consultant, known for his work on model-driven engineering and semantic information modeling.


== Biography ==
Frankel obtained his BS in Mathematics from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, and sequentially his Master of Social Work at the same university.
Frankel started his career in the software industry in the 1970s, developing software tool for HP 2100 mini-computers and became senior Programmer-Analyst. In 1982 he started as independent consultant participating in the development of Local area network-based database applications. He was Enterprise Architect for several companies, and was Lead Standards Architect in the domain of Model-Driven Systems at SAP Labs in California from 2005 to 2012, and independent consultant ever since. 
Frankel has been on the Architecture Board of the Object Management Group (OMG) for a long time. In 2003 he published his most cited work "Model Driven Architecture: Applying Mda to Enterprise Computing." 


== Selected publications ==
Frankel, David S. Model Driven Architecture Applying Mda to Enterprise Computing. John Wiley & Sons, 2003.
Parodi, John, and David S. Frankel. The MDA journal: model driven architecture straight from the masters. Meghan-Kiffer Press, 2004.Articles, a selection:

David S. Frankel, Harmon, P., Mukerji, J., Odell, J., Owen, M., Rivitt, P., Rosen, M... & Soley, R. M. et al. (2003) "The Zachman Framework and the OMG's Model Driven Architecture," Business Process Trends, 9 (2003).
Frankel, David S. "The MDA marketing message and the MDA reality." MDA Journal, a Business Process Trends Column (2004).
Frankel, David S., et al. "A Model-Driven Semantic Web: Reinforcing Complementary Strengths." MDA Journal, Business Process Trends (2004).
Frankel, D., Hayes, P., Kendall, E., & McGuinness, D. (2004). "The model driven semantic web." In 1st International Workshop on the Model-Driven Semantic Web (MDSW2004), Monterey, California, USA.


== References ==


== External links ==
Published Articles Written by David S. FrankelMatthew Keith "Matt" Franklin is an American cryptographer, and a professor of computer science at the University of California, Davis.


== Education and employment ==
Franklin did his undergraduate studies at Pomona College, graduating in 1983 with a degree in mathematics, and was awarded a master's degree in mathematics in 1985 by the University of California, Berkeley. He earned his Ph.D. in computer science from Columbia University in 1994, under the joint supervision of Zvi Galil and Moti Yung. Prior to joining the UC Davis faculty in 2000, he worked at Xerox PARC, Bell Labs, and AT&T Labs.From 2009 to 2014, Franklin was editor-in-chief of the Journal of Cryptology.


== Research contributions ==
Franklin is particularly known for the Boneh–Franklin scheme, a cryptography scheme he developed with Dan Boneh that uses the mathematics of elliptic curves to automatically generate public and private key pairs based on the identities of the communicating parties. In 2013, he and Boneh were winners of the Gödel Prize for their work on this system.


== Selected publications ==
Franklin, Matthew K.; Reiter, Michael K. (1996), "The Design and Implementation of a Secure Auction Service", IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering, 22 (5): 302–312, CiteSeerX 10.1.1.46.7960, doi:10.1109/32.502223.
Cramer, Ronald; Franklin, Matthew; Schoenmakers, Berry; Yung, Moti (1996), "Multi-authority secret-ballot elections with linear work", Advances in cryptology—EUROCRYPT '96: International Conference on the Theory and Application of Cryptographic Techniques Saragossa, Spain, May 12–16, 1996, Proceedings, Lecture Notes in Computer Science, vol. 1070, Berlin: Springer, pp. 72–83, doi:10.1007/3-540-68339-9_7, ISBN 978-3-540-61186-8, MR 1421580.
Franklin, Matthew K.; Reiter, Michael K. (1997), "Fair exchange with a semi-trusted third party", Proceedings of the 4th ACM Conference on Computer and Communications Security (CCS '97), pp. 1–5, CiteSeerX 10.1.1.46.7979, doi:10.1145/266420.266424, ISBN 978-0897919128, S2CID 296057.
Boneh, Dan; Franklin, Matthew (1999), "An efficient public key traitor tracing scheme", Advances in Cryptology — CRYPTO' 99: 19th Annual International Cryptology Conference Santa Barbara, California, USA, August 15–19, 1999, Proceedings, Lecture Notes in Computer Science, vol. 1666, Springer, pp. 338–353, doi:10.1007/3-540-48405-1_22, ISBN 978-3-540-66347-8.
Boneh, Dan; Franklin, Matthew (2001), "Efficient generation of shared RSA keys", Journal of the ACM, 48 (4): 702–722, CiteSeerX 10.1.1.22.859, doi:10.1145/502090.502094, MR 2144927, S2CID 14178777.
Boneh, Dan; Franklin, Matthew (2003), "Identity-based encryption from the Weil pairing", SIAM Journal on Computing, 32 (3): 586–615, CiteSeerX 10.1.1.66.1131, doi:10.1137/S0097539701398521, MR 2001745.


== References ==


== External links ==
Home page at UC DavisMichael J. Franklin is an American software entrepreneur and computer scientist specializing in distributed and streaming database technology. He is Liew Family Chair of Computer Science and Chairman for the Department of Computer Science at the University of Chicago.
Prior to Chicago, he was Thomas M. Siebel Professor of Computer Science and Chair of the Computer Science Division at University of California, Berkeley. At Berkeley he was Director of the Algorithms, Machines, and People Laboratory (AMPLab), a collaboration of computing systems, data management, machine learning researchers focused on large-scale data analytics. Under his direction, AMPLab projects such as Spark and Mesos had wide industrial and academic impact. Professor Franklin is an ACM Fellow as well as SIGMOD Test of Time Award recipient. Professor Franklin is in the 2009 inaugural group of UMass' Alumni receiving achievement award from the CS Department at University of Massachusetts Amherst for Outstanding Achievement in Research. Professor Franklin was the top cited scholar in the field of databases based on AI 2000 study. He was also a cofounder as well as CTO of Truviso, a company specializing in streaming databases which was acquired by Cisco in May 2012. He is also an advisor to Databricks, a big data company commercializing the Spark research project.
Professor Franklin received a bachelor's degree from the University of Massachusetts Amherst in 1983 and a master's degree from the Wang Institute of Graduate Studies in 1986.  He earned a Ph.D. from the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1993 with his thesis Caching and memory management in client-server database systems.


== References ==


== External links ==
Michael Franklin's web page and biographyMichael Franz is an American computer scientist best known for his pioneering work on just-in-time compilation and optimisation and on artificial software diversity. He is a Chancellor's Professor of Computer Science in the Donald Bren School of Information and Computer Sciences at the University of California, Irvine (UCI), a Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science (by courtesy) in the Henry Samueli School of Engineering at UCI, and Director of UCI's Secure Systems and Software Laboratory.He is a Fellow of the AAAS, a Fellow of the ACM, a Fellow of the IEEE, a Fellow of the IFIP, a recipient of the IEEE Computer Society's Technical Achievement Award and of a Humboldt Prize.


== Biography ==
Born and raised in Hamburg, Germany, Franz attended the Christianeum in Hamburg and the Gordonstoun School in Elgin, Scotland and eventually graduated from the Christianeum with an accelerated high school diploma ("vorgezogenes Abitur") ahead of the rest of his class.
After completing military service in Germany, Franz moved to Switzerland to begin studies of computer science at ETH Zurich, finishing his Diplom-Ingenieur degree in 1989. During his undergraduate years, he was President of ETH's Computer Science Students Association.Declining a Full Fulbright scholarship that would have funded doctoral studies in the United States, he stayed at ETH and began doctoral studies under the supervision of Turing Award Winner Niklaus Wirth, completing his Doctor of Technical Sciences degree in 1994.Following two further years at ETH Zurich as a Senior Research Associate and lecturer, he joined the University of California, Irvine as an Assistant Professor of Computer Science in January 1996. He was promoted to Associate Professor in 2001 and Full Professor in 2006. Since 2007, he has held a second appointment in UCI's School of Engineering, as a Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences (by courtesy). In 2016, he was awarded the title Chancellor's Professor.


== Research ==
Franz's doctoral dissertation, entitled "Code Generation On-The-Fly: A Key To Portable Software" proposed to make software portable among different target computer architectures by way of using on-the-fly compilation at load time from a semantic dictionary encoding, a compressed intermediate data structure. Two years later, the Java programming language and system were launched and took this idea mainstream, albeit using the term "just-in-time compilation" instead of the term "on-the-fly compilation" that Franz had used.
Franz was also one of the first academics to realise that JavaScript was going to be huge. At a time when most of the academic community was ignoring JavaScript and similar dynamic languages as "little scripting languages," Franz and his student Andreas Gal researched how one would best tackle the specific features of a dynamically typed language in a just-in-time compiler. The resulting technique, Trace Tree Compilation, is now covered by a U.S. Patent. Franz took this idea to Brendan Eich, the inventor of JavaScript and Mozilla's CTO at the time, and a collaborative project between UCI and Mozilla was born that eventually culminated in the TraceMonkey JavaScript engine in Firefox.Franz has been one of the main drivers of the "Moving Target Defense" movement for cyber security. He has been pioneering compiler-generated software diversity as a defence mechanism against software attacks, inspired by biodiversity in nature.This project has attracted attention beyond academia, with coverage in the popular press ranging from as far as The Economist to Wired Magazine. Franz and some of his students hold a U.S. Patent on some of the underlying ideas.


== References ==


== External links ==
Official websiteAlexander G. Fraser, also known as A. G. Fraser and Sandy Fraser, is a noted British-American computer scientist.
Fraser received his B.Sc. degree in Aeronautical Engineering from Bristol University in 1958, and his Ph.D. in Computing Science from Cambridge University in 1969. Between degrees he worked at Ferranti, where he was responsible for compiler development, and designed and implemented an operating system.
From 1966 to 1969 he was Assistant Director of Research at Cambridge, where in 1967 he designed and implemented the Titan computer's file system, and worked on file archival, privacy, and persistent names. He moved to AT&T Bell Laboratories in 1969 where he invented cell-based networks that anticipated Asynchronous Transfer Mode (ATM) and co-developed a reduced instruction set computer prototype with techniques for instruction set optimization. He subsequently became director of its Computing Science Research Center (1982), Executive Director (1987), and Associate Vice President for Information Science Research (1994). As Vice President for Research, he founded AT&T Laboratories in 1996, and in 1998 was named AT&T Chief Scientist. After his retirement in 2002 he established Fraser Research.
Fraser is a member of the National Academy of Engineering, and a Fellow of the British Computer Society and IEEE. He has received the 1989 Koji Kobayashi Computers and Communications Award "for contributions to computer communications and the invention of virtual-circuit switching", the 1992 SIGCOMM Award for "pioneering concepts, such as virtual circuit switching, space-division packet switching, and window flow control", and the 2001 IEEE Richard W. Hamming Medal "for pioneering contributions to the architecture of communication networks through the development of virtual circuit switching technology".


== References ==Edward Fredkin (born October 2, 1934) is a distinguished career professor at Carnegie Mellon University (CMU), and an early pioneer of digital physics.Fredkin's primary contributions include work on reversible computing and cellular automata. While Konrad Zuse's book, Calculating Space (1969), mentioned the importance of reversible computation, the Fredkin gate represented the essential breakthrough. In recent work, he uses the term digital philosophy (DP).
During his career, Fredkin has been a professor of computer science at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, a Fairchild Distinguished Scholar at Caltech, and Research Professor of Physics at Boston University.


== Early life and education ==
At age 19, Fredkin left California Institute of Technology (Caltech) after a year to join the United States Air Force (USAF) to become a fighter pilot.


== Career ==
Fredkin has worked with a number of companies in the computer field and has held academic positions at a number of universities. He is a computer programmer, a pilot, an advisor to businesses and governments, and a physicist. His main interests concern digital computer-like models of basic processes in physics.Fredkin's initial focus was physics; however, he became involved with computers in 1956 when he was sent by the Air Force, where he had trained as a jet pilot, to the MIT Lincoln Laboratory. On completing his service in 1958, Fredkin was hired by J. C. R. Licklider to work at the research firm, Bolt Beranek & Newman (BBN).  After seeing the PDP-1 computer prototype at the Eastern Joint Computer Conference in Boston, in December 1959, Fredkin recommended that BBN purchase the very first PDP-1 to support research projects at BBN. The new hardware was initially delivered with no software whatsoever.
Fredkin wrote a PDP-1 assembler language called FRAP (Free of Rules Assembly Program, also sometimes called Fredkin's Assembly Program), and its first operating system (OS).  He organized and founded the Digital Equipment Computer Users' Society (DECUS) in 1961, and participated in its early projects.  Working directly with Ben Gurley, the designer of the PDP-1, Fredkin designed significant modifications to the hardware to support time-sharing via the BBN Time-Sharing System. He invented and designed the first modern interrupt system, which Digital called the "Sequence Break". He went on to become a contributor in the field of Artificial Intelligence (AI).In 1962, he founded Information International, Inc., an early computer technology company which developed high-precision digital-to-film scanners, as well as other leading-edge hardware.
In 1968, Fredkin returned to academia, starting at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) as a full professor. From 1971 to 1974, Fredkin was the Director of Project MAC at MIT. (Project MAC was renamed the MIT Laboratory for Computer Science in 1976.) He spent a year at Caltech as a Fairchild Distinguished Scholar, working with Nobel Prize-winning physicist Richard Feynman, and was a Professor of Physics at Boston University for six years.Fredkin has had formal and informal associations with Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) over several decades. His current academic interests are in the area of digital mechanics, which is the study of discrete models of fundamental process in physics. Fredkin has been a Distinguished Career Professor of Computer Science at CMU. and also a Visiting Scientist at MIT Media Laboratory. As of 2022, he is Distinguished Career Professor of Robotics at CMU.Fredkin has served as the founder or CEO of a diverse set of companies, including Information International, Three Rivers Computer Corporation, New England Television Corporation (owner of Boston's then CBS affiliate WNEV on channel 7), and The Reliable Water Company (manufacturer of advanced sea water desalination plants).Fredkin has been broadly interested in computation: hardware and software. He is the inventor of the trie data structure, radio transponders for vehicle identification, the concept of computer navigation for automobiles, the Fredkin gate, and the Billiard-Ball Computer Model for reversible computing. He has also been involved in computer vision, chess, and other areas of Artificial Intelligence research.Fredkin also worked at the intersection of theoretical issues in the physics of computation with computational models of physics. He invented the SALT Cellular Automata family. Dan Miller designed and programmed the Busy Boxes implementation of Salt, with assistance from Suresh Kumar Devanathan.  The early SALT models are 2+1 dimensional quasi-physical, reversible, universal cellular automata, that are second order in time, and that follow rules that model CPT reversibility.(Miller & Fredkin 2005).


== Fredkin's version of digital philosophy ==
Digital philosophy (DP) is one type of digital physics/pancomputationalism, a school of philosophy which claims that all the physical processes of nature are forms of computation or information processing at the most fundamental level of reality. Pancomputationalism is related to several larger schools of philosophy: atomism, determinism, mechanism, monism, naturalism, philosophical realism, reductionism, and scientific empiricism.
Pancomputationalists believe that biology reduces to chemistry which reduces to physics which reduces to the computation of information. Fredkin's career and achievements have much of their motivation in digital philosophy, a particular type of pancomputationalism described in Fredkin's papers: "Introduction to Digital Philosophy", "On the Soul", "Finite Nature", "A New Cosmogony", and "Digital Mechanics".Fredkin's digital philosophy contains several fundamental ideas:
Everything in physics and physical reality must have a digital informational representation.
All changes in physical nature are consequences of digital informational processes.
Nature is finite and digital.
The traditional Judaeo-Christian concept of the soul has a counterpart in a static/dynamic soul defined in terms of digital philosophy.


== Recent Projects ==


=== PDP-1 Restoration Project ===
Fredkin chaired the PDP-1 Restoration Project, which was able to restore and reactivate the Computer History Museum's PDP-1 computer after seven months of work. 


== Awards and honors ==
In 1984, Fredkin was awarded the Carnegie Mellon University Dickson Prize in Science, given annually to the person who has been judged to have made the most progress in a scientific field in the United States during that year. In 1999, CMU established the Fredkin professorship.


== Cultural references ==
A layman's profile of Fredkin, along with a readable explanation of some of his theories, can be found in the first part of Three Scientists and Their Gods by Robert Wright (1988). The section of the book covering Fredkin was excerpted in The Atlantic Monthly in April 1988.According to biographer Robert Wright, the character Stephen Falken in the film WarGames was modeled after Fredkin.


== Further reading ==
Robert Wright, "Did the Universe Just Happen?", Atlantic Monthly, April 1988 – article contains extensive biographical content on Fredkin


== See also ==
Fredkin's paradox


== References ==


== External links ==
Digital Philosophy.org
Did the Universe Just Happen? The Atlantic Monthly, by Robert Wright, 1988.
Two-state, Reversible, Universal Cellular Automata in Three Dimensions by Edward Fredkin,
Information International, Inc.Michael Lawrence Fredman is an emeritus professor at the Computer Science Department at Rutgers University, United States. He earned his Ph.D. degree from Stanford University in 1972 under the supervision of Donald Knuth. He was a member of the mathematics department at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology from 1974 to 1976. and of the Computer Science and Engineering department at the University of California, San Diego until 1992. Among his contributions to computer science are the development of the Fibonacci heap in a joint work with Robert Tarjan, the transdichotomous model of integer computing with Dan Willard, and the proof of a lower bound showing that Θ(n log n) is the optimal time for solving Klee's measure problem in a joint work with Bruce Weide.


== References ==Michael J. Freedman is an American computer scientist who is the Robert E. Kahn Professor of Computer Science at Princeton University, where he works on distributed systems, networking, and security.  He is also the cofounder of database company Timescale.


== Education and career ==
In 2001 and 2002, Freedman earned an S.B. and a M.Eng., respectively, at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. In 2005 and 2007, he earned an M.S. and a Ph.D., respectively, from the Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences at New York University, and spent 2005–2007 at Stanford University. Freedman completed his doctoral studies under David Mazières, who Freedman worked with to release the Coral Content Distribution Network in 2004. In 2007, he was appointed a professor at Princeton University.With David Mazières, Freedman designed and operated the Coral Content Distribution Network, a peer-to-peer content distribution network that was initially released in 2004 and operated until 2015. In March 2006, Freedman co-founded Illuminics Systems, an information technology company working in the area of IP geolocation and intelligence, with Martin Casado. The company was acquired by Quova in November 2006.Freedman's research interests include distributed systems, networking, and security. In addition to his work with the Coral Content Distribution Network, he has designed systems such as TimescaleDB and JetStream.


== Recognition ==
In 2011, Freedman received the Presidential Early Career Award for Scientists and Engineers for his work in designing, building, and prototyping a "modern, highly scalable, replicated storage cloud system" in addition to efforts to increase student diversity at Princeton University. His research involving the design and deployment of geo-distributed systems earned him the Grace Murray Hopper Award in 2018. He was elected as an ACM Fellow in 2019 "for contributions to robust distributed systems for the modern cloud" and was awarded the SIGOPS Mark Weiser Award by the organization in 2021.


== Selected publications ==
Freedman, Michael J.; Nissim, Kobbi; Pinkas, Benny (2004). "Efficient Private Matching and Set Intersection". Advances in Cryptology - EUROCRYPT 2004. 3027: 1–19. doi:10.1007/978-3-540-24676-3_1.
Freedman, Michael J.; Morris, Robert (2002). "Tarzan: a peer-to-peer anonymizing network layer". Proceedings of the 9th ACM conference on Computer and communications security  - CCS '02: 193–206. doi:10.1145/586110.586137.
Casado, Martin; Freedman, Michael J.; Pettit, Justin; Luo, Jianying; McKeown, Nick; Shenker, Scott (2007). "Ethane: taking control of the enterprise". Proceedings of the 2007 conference on Applications, technologies, architectures, and protocols for computer communications - SIGCOMM '07: 1–12. doi:10.1145/1282380.1282382.
Lloyd, Wyatt; Freedman, Michael J.; Kaminsky, Michael; Andersen, David G. (2011). "Don't settle for eventual: scalable causal consistency for wide-area storage with COPS". Proceedings of the Twenty-Third ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles - SOSP '11: 401–416. doi:10.1145/2043556.2043593.
Foster, Nate; Harrison, Rob; Freedman, Michael J.; Monsanto, Christopher; Rexford, Jennifer; Story, Alec; Walker, David (September 18, 2011). "Frenetic: a network programming language". ACM SIGPLAN Notices. 46 (9): 279–291. doi:10.1145/2034574.2034812.


== References ==


== External links ==
Michael J. Freedman on the Princeton University website
Michael J. Freedman publications indexed by Google ScholarEric Freeman is a computer scientist, author and constituent of David Gelernter on the Lifestreaming concept.


== Authored works ==
Eric Freeman has publishing accolades for Head First HTML and CSS (ISBN 978-0596159900) which he co-authored with Elisabeth Robson, and Head First Design Patterns (ISBN 0-596-00712-4) also co-authored with Elisabeth Robson, Kathy Sierra and Bert Bates.


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website 
http://www.technologyreview.com/tr35/Profile.aspx?TRID=479
http://portal.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=1057270.1057279
http://www.objectsbydesign.com/books/EricFreeman.htmlJay Ryan Freeman (born November 27, 1981) is an American businessman and software engineer. He is known for creating the Cydia software application and related software for jailbroken iOS—a modified version of Apple's iOS (where OS stands for operating system) that allows for the installation and customization of software outside of the regulation imposed by the App Store system.


== Education and early work ==

Freeman studied and graduated with a degree in computer science from the College of Creative Studies at the University of California, Santa Barbara. In 2009, he was a doctoral student in computer science at UCSB.He built Anakrino, a decompiler for .NET available in 2002. He co-authored a paper published in 2005 about a "Java runtime event specification and monitoring library." He has worked with Brian Fox on multiple freelance projects.


== Software ==


=== iOS ===
In February 2008, Freeman released the initial version of Cydia, a software distribution and installation tool for jailbroken iOS devices. In May 2009, he added a proprietary store system to Cydia which allows developers to sell their products. In September 2010, his company (SaurikIT, LLC) announced that it had acquired Rock Your Phone, Inc. (makers of Rock.app). SaurikIT and Rock Your Phone were the two largest providers of third-party apps.He has published tools for developers to make software, particularly for jailbroken iOS. He made Cydia Substrate, a framework that developers use to help them modify iOS with extensions. He also made Cycript, a tool that developers use to inspect and modify applications on iOS and OS X.He has developed a plethora of software extensions for jailbroken iOS users to add features to iOS, including Apple File Conduit 2, Cycorder, CyDialer, Cydget, Cyntact, Cyueue, Five Icon Dock, Veency, and WinterBoard. He has also released Cydia Eraser (previously named Cydia Impactor, but was renamed to avoid confusion) for jailbroken iOS, a tool for removing personal data and "unjailbreaking" the device while preserving the iOS version.He is also a member of the iPhone Dev Team group, which has developed jailbreaks for iOS.


=== Android ===
Freeman has also done software development and security research on the Android OS. In 2008, he ported Debian for use on an Android phone. In April 2013, he built an implementation of a root (jailbreak) for Google Glass and published an analysis of the ramifications. In May 2013, he published a version of Cydia Substrate for Android. In July 2013, he published an analysis and implementation of "Master Key" vulnerabilities for Android.


== Politics ==

Freeman supported incorporation of Isla Vista, California (the community adjoining UCSB). In January 2016, he announced his candidacy for the Santa Barbara County Board of Supervisors, and in June 2016 he lost in the primary election for that role. He then ran for a four-year seat on the Board of Directors for the Isla Vista Community Services District and was elected in November 2016.As of 2019, Freeman is also a Special District member of the Santa Barbara County Local Agency Formation Commission and a member of the Goleta Library Advisory Commission.


== References ==Peter A. Freeman is the founding dean of Georgia Tech's College of Computing, a position he held from 1990 to 2002. Freeman was assistant director of the National Science Foundation from 2002 to 2007.
Freeman has been emeritus dean of the Georgia Tech College of Computing since 2007. He is currently the director of the Washington Advisory Group. Freeman is a Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, the Association for Computing Machinery, and the American Association for the Advancement of Science.


== Education ==
Freeman received a Bachelor of Arts in physics and mathematics from Rice University in 1963, a Master of Arts in mathematics and psychology from the University of Texas at Austin in 1965, and a Ph.D. in computer science from Carnegie Mellon University in 1970.


== Early career ==
After graduation from Carnegie Mellon, Freeman was a researcher, professor, and administrator at the University of California, Irvine's Department of Information & Computer Science from 1971 to 1987, where he focused on artificial intelligence and software engineering research, funded primarily by the National Science Foundation. Freeman is one of the founders of software engineering education, starting a course on the subject in 1974. During the course of his career at UC Irvine, Freeman also administered the undergraduate and graduate programs and served as the department chair.
In 1987, Freeman became the director of the National Science Foundation's Division of Computer and Computation Research; in this post, he managed about $20 million in grants each year, and helped develop the High Performance Computing and Communications program.For a year after his post at NSF, Freeman served as a Visiting Distinguished Professor at George Mason University (1989–1990) to assist in the creation of a computing program at that university.


== Recent career ==
From 1992 to 1995, Freeman became the chief information officer of the Georgia Institute of Technology, and oversaw their Office of Information Technology (OIT) as it prepared for the 1996 Summer Olympics. At the time, OIT had an annual budget of $10 million.When Georgia Tech was reorganized in 1988 under the administration of John Patrick Crecine (see History of Georgia Tech), the School of Information and Computer Science was promoted to college status, on the same administrative level as Georgia Tech's mainstay, the College of Engineering. Thus the Georgia Tech College of Computing was created. Freeman was selected as the college's founding dean and oversaw the program's transition and subsequent rapid growth; he would hold this post until 2002. Under his administration, the school added three research centers (including the Georgia Tech Information Security Center), increased research funding from $2 million annually to $10 million annually, hired 55 faculty members, and secured millions in funding for the construction of the College of Computing Building.From 2002 to 2007 Freeman was held the position of Georgia Tech professor while he served as one of seven assistant directors of the National Science Foundation. At NSF, he led the $1 billion Information Technology Research program, helped form the GENI Project, led the Cyber-enabled Discovery and Innovation Initiative, and led initiatives to revitalize computer science education and attract minorities to computing.
In 2007, Freeman was named Emeritus Dean of the Georgia Tech College of Computing; in this position he consults with current administrators, faculty, and students; gives lectures and writes op-eds promoting issues in computer science.Since 2007, Freeman has been the director of the Washington Advisory Group, where he advises on policy issues related to secondary education and research in STEM fields to companies, universities, governments, and non-profit organizations.


== References ==Juliana Freire de Lima e Silva is a Brazilian computer scientist who works as a professor of computer science and engineering at the New York University Polytechnic School of Engineering. She is known for her research in information visualization, data provenance, and computerized assistance for scientific reproducibility.


== Education and career ==
Freire did her undergraduate studies at the Federal University of Ceará in Brazil, and earned her doctorate from Stony Brook University. Prior to joining NYU-Poly in 2011, she was a researcher at Bell Laboratories, and a faculty member at the Oregon Health & Science University and the University of Utah.Freire was the program co-chair of the WWW2010 conference.


== Research ==
Freire's research projects include the VisTrails scientific workflow management system, and the DeepPeep search engine for web database content.


== Recognition ==
In 2014, Freire was elected as a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery "for contributions to provenance management research and technology, and computational reproducibility."
She was named to the 2021 class of Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science.


== References ==


== External links ==
Home page
Google scholar profileYoav Freund (Hebrew: יואב פרוינד; born 1961) is an Israeli professor of computer science at the University of California San Diego who mainly works on machine learning, probability theory and related fields and applications.He is best known for his work on the AdaBoost algorithm, an ensemble learning algorithm which is used to combine many "weak" learning machines to create a more robust one. He and Robert Schapire received the Gödel prize in 2003 for their joint work on AdaBoost.
He is an alumnus of the prestigious Talpiot program of the Israeli army.


== Selected works ==
Robert Schapire; Yoav Freund (2012). Boosting: Foundations and Algorithms. MIT. ISBN 978-0-262-01718-3.


== References ==


== External links ==
Freund's homepage at UCSDSorelle Alaina Friedler is an American computer scientist who is an Associate Professor at Haverford College. She is the co-founder Association for Computing Machinery Conference on Fairness, Accountability, and Transparency. Her research seeks to prevent discrimination in machine learning.


== Early life and education ==
Friedler earned her bachelor's degree at Swarthmore College. She moved to the University of Maryland, College Park for her graduate studies, where she studied geometric algorithms.


== Research and career ==
Friedler joined Alphabet Inc. as a software engineer, where she worked with X on the development of weather balloons that can provide internet access to remote communities.Friedler has advocated for the careful use of artificial intelligence and machine learning. In particular, she has spoken about how biased data and algorithms reinforce social inequality. In 2015 she was made a Fellow at the Data & Society Research Institute.Friedler has worked with Josh Schrier and Alexander Norquist on the application of data mining to accelerate materials discovery. They created a computer algorithm capable of predicting whether a set of reagents will create a crystalline materials when mixed in a solvent and heated. To create the tool, they compiled a database of almost 4,000 chemical reactions, wrote an algorithm that could mine for patterns in data and provide insight about why some experiments fail while others succeed. The algorithm was correct 89% of the time, whilst researchers (human) predictions only had a 78% success rate. Friedler and her co-workers published the database online (darkreactions.haverford.edu/) to encourage other researchers to share their data.


== Awards and honors ==
2006 AT&T Labs Fellowship Program
2009 Ann G. Wylie Dissertation Fellowship
2019 Chace/Parker Teaching Award
2019 Mozilla Responsible Computer Science Challenge


== Selected publications ==
Feldman, Michael; Friedler, Sorelle A.; Moeller, John; Scheidegger, Carlos; Venkatasubramanian, Suresh (2015). "Certifying and Removing Disparate Impact". Proceedings of the 21th ACM SIGKDD International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining - KDD '15. New York, New York, USA: ACM Press: 259–268. arXiv:1412.3756. doi:10.1145/2783258.2783311. ISBN 978-1-4503-3664-2. S2CID 2077168.
"Machine Learning-Assisted Discovery of Solid Li-Ion Conducting Materials". doi:10.1021/acs.chemmater.8b03272.s001. {{cite journal}}: Cite journal requires |journal= (help)
Adler, Philip; Falk, Casey; Friedler, Sorelle A.; Rybeck, Gabriel; Scheidegger, Carlos; Smith, Brandon; Venkatasubramanian, Suresh (2016). "Auditing Black-Box Models for Indirect Influence". 2016 IEEE 16th International Conference on Data Mining (ICDM). IEEE: 1–10. arXiv:1602.07043. doi:10.1109/icdm.2016.0011. ISBN 978-1-5090-5473-2.


== Personal life ==
Friedler is married to Rebecca Benjamin.


== References ==


== External links ==
Sorelle Friedler publications indexed by Google ScholarJoyce Barbara Friedman (1928 – November 28, 2018) was an American mathematician, operations researcher, computer scientist, and computational linguist who worked as a professor at the University of Michigan and Boston University and served as president of the Association for Computational Linguistics.


== Early life and education ==
Friedman was born in 1928. She was a Durant Scholar at Wellesley College, graduating in 1949, and earned a master's degree at Radcliffe College in 1952. In the same year she moved from the Logistics Research Project at George Washington University to the US Department of Defense, later working at a succession of defense contractors: ACF Industries (where she worked with Sheldon Akers on production scheduling), Tech. Operations, Inc., and the Mitre Corporation.Returning to graduate study at Harvard University, her interests shifted from operations research to automated reasoning. She completed her Ph.D. in 1965, with the dissertation A New Decision Procedure in Logic with a Computer Realization supervised by Hao Wang; it concerned computational methods in first-order logic.


== Academic career and later life ==
Friedman worked as an assistant professor at Stanford University from 1965 until 1968, when she moved to the University of Michigan as an associate professor of computer and communications sciences. At Michigan, she was promoted to full professor in 1971. She moved to Boston University as chair of computer science in 1983.Even before completing her doctorate, Friedman had worked at Mitre as a programmer for Donald E. Walker on a project for the US Air Force involving the development of programs that could answer English-language questions.
As an academic, her research largely concentrated on computational linguistics and formal grammars; she served as president of the Association for Computational Linguistics in 1971. Some of her work on transformational grammar was described in her 1971 book, A Computational Model of Transformational Grammar. She has over 180 academic descendants through three of her doctoral students: C. Raymond Perrault, Remko Scha, and David S. Warren.She died on November 28, 2018 in Cambridge, Massachusetts.


== Recognition ==
Friedman was named a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in 1986.


== References ==Carol Frieze works in the School of Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University as director of the Women@SCS and SCS4ALL professional organizations.
She is co-author of a book on the successful efforts to attract and retain women in computing at Carnegie Mellon, where women represented 50% of the incoming class to the computer science major in fall 2018. She has been recognized by the A. Nico Habermann Award of the Computing Research Association and the AccessComputing Capacity Building Award.


== Education and career ==
Frieze studied English literature for a while at the University of London before moving into cultural studies at Carnegie Mellon, eventually earning her Ph.D. from Carnegie Mellon University in Cultural Studies in Computer Science. Her 2007 dissertation, The critical role of culture and environment as determinants of women's participation in computer science,
was supervised by Lenore Blum.
She has taught at the Royal National Orthopaedic Hospital School in England and in the English department at Carnegie Mellon before coming to work for the School of Computer Science.Women@SCS, one of the organizations Frieze directs at Carnegie Mellon, is based on the guiding premise of leveling the playing field, working to ensure that women receive the same social, networking, mentoring, and professional opportunities, that are more readily available to the majority male peers. She also works on diversity and inclusion through BiasBusters@CMU, an academic interactive program aiming to raise awareness of bias and mitigate the harmful effects of unconscious bias on campus.


== Books ==
With Jeria Quesenberry, Frieze is a co-author of the book Kicking Butt in Computer Science: Women in Computing at Carnegie Mellon University (Dog Ear Publishing, 2015). The book describes Carnegie Mellon's successful work to attract and retain female students in Carnegie Mellon's computer science major by focusing on the culture of computing rather than by making changes to the computer science curriculum.Frieze and Quesenberry are co-editors of the book Cracking the Digital Ceiling: Women in Computing Around the World, Cambridge University Press, 2020. This collection of global perspectives challenges the view that men are more suited to computing fields than women, a belief often perpetuated as an explanation for women’s low participation in computing in the USA. By providing an insider look at how different cultures from all continents around the world impact the experiences of women in computing, the book introduces readers to theories and evidence that support the need to turn to cultural and environmental factors, rather than innate potential, to understand what determines women’s participation in computing. The book is a wakeup call to examine the obstacles and catalysts within various cultures and environments that help determine women's participation in this rapidly growing field.


== Recognition ==
Frieze won the A. Nico Habermann Award of the Computing Research Association in 2017. The award citation commended her for "devoting nearly two decades to promoting diversity and inclusiveness in computing", for publishing "valuable research towards understanding the challenges diverse populations face", and for helping to bring the number of women majoring in computer science at Carnegie Mellon close to 50%, "far above the national average".


== Personal life ==
Frieze grew up in a coal mining village in Nottinghamshire, England, and was the first in her family to go to college. Frieze is married to mathematician Alan M. Frieze. They have two adult children and four grandchildren.


== References ==


== External links ==
Home pageDeborah A. Frincke is an American academic and computer scientist specializing in computer security who is the associate laboratories director of national security programs at Sandia National Laboratories.


== Education ==
Frincke was educated at the University of California, Davis, earning a Bachelor of Science degree in computer science and mathematics in 1985, a Master of Science in computer science in 1989, and a PhD in computer science in 1992.


== Career ==
Frincke began her career as a professor of computer science at the University of Idaho.  She is the former chief scientist for cyber security at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory, one of the United States Department of Energy national laboratories. From 2014 to 2020, she was director of research for the National Security Agency.
As Research Director, Frincke also served as the NSA Science Advisor and the NSA Innovation Champion. She also served as the NSA Science Advisor and the NSA Innovation Champion. Prior to becoming the director of research, Frincke led global education and training for the agency as Associate Director for Education and Training (ADET). While serving as ADET, Frincke also served as Commandant of National Cryptologic School, where she established the first NSA Cyber College and launched the GenCyber Program. In these roles, she led a worldwide multiservice military and civilian, corporate-level learning organization while also providing executive steering of four Service schools and 20 satellite campuses across the global enterprise. She is also a senior member of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers.Frincke is the first female head of the research directorate at the agency, and has spoken out about the importance of diverse perspectives in computer security.


== Recognition ==
In 2017 Frincke won the Founders Award of the Colloquium for Information Systems Security Education.
She was elected as an ACM Fellow in 2019 "for contributions in education, the practice of research, and the leadership of cybersecurity".
Also in 2019, the UC Davis College of Engineering named her as a distinguished alumna.


== References ==


== External links ==
Deborah Frincke publications indexed by Google ScholarAndrea Frome is an American computer scientist who works in computer vision and machine learning.


== Education ==
Frome attended the University of Mary Washington for her undergraduate work, receiving a BS in environmental science in 1996.  After a few years working in environmental consulting, she changed fields to computer science.  She received her doctorate from the University of California, Berkeley in Computer Vision and Machine Learning in 2007 under the supervision of Jitendra Malik.


== Career ==
After her Ph.D, she worked at Google for seven years, where she was involved in developing the AI used to blur out faces and license plates in Google Street View.After leaving Google in 2015, she worked for a short time at Nuna Inc., before joining the technology team of the Hillary Clinton 2016 presidential campaign.  At the end of the Clinton campaign, she joined Clarifai as director of research.  In 2018, she returned to Google to become one of the founding members of a new research laboratory in Ghana.Frome has over 4,000 citations in the fields of computer vision, deep learning, and machine learning.


== Activism ==
In 2019, she co-signed a letter addressed to Amazon regarding its facial analysis software and alleged biases in its implementation and interpretation by police departments, etc.


== References ==


== External links ==
Andrea Frome publications indexed by Google ScholarBenjamin Fry is an American designer who has expertise in data visualization.


== Early life and education ==
Fry was born in 1975 in Ann Arbor, Michigan (born 1975). Fry received his BFA in Communication Design, minor in Computer Science at the Carnegie Mellon University. He received Master and Ph.D. degrees from the Aesthetics and Computation Group at the MIT Media Lab, under the direction of John Maeda. His doctoral dissertation, "Computational Information Design" introduces the seven stages of visualizing data: acquiring, parsing, filtering, mining, representing, refining and interacting.


== Career ==
During his time at MIT Media Lab, Fry co-developed Processing, an open-source programming language and integrated development environment (IDE) built for the electronic arts and visual design communities with the purpose of teaching the basics of computer programming in a visual context. The Processing design environment developed together with Casey Reas won a Golden Nica from the Prix Ars Electronica in 2005. During 2006–2007, Fry was the Nierenberg Chair of Design for the Carnegie Mellon School of Design. He is a principal of Fathom, a design and software consultancy in Boston, Massachusetts.Fry's artwork has been featured in the Cooper-Hewitt Design Triennial (2003, 2006) and the Whitney Biennial (2002), and at the Museum of Modern Art in New York (2001, 2008), Ars Electronica in Linz, Austria (2000, 2002, 2005) and in the films Minority Report and The Hulk. He is the winner of the 2011 National Design Award in category "Interaction Design."


== Books ==
2007: (with Casey Reas) Processing: A Programming Handbook for Visual Designers and Artists, MIT Press
2007: Visualizing Data, O'Reilly
2010: (with Casey Reas) Getting Started with Processing, O'Reilly
2015: (with Casey Reas and Lauren McCarthy) Getting Started with p5.js, O'Reilly


== See also ==
Timeline of programming languages
Processing programming language


== References ==


== External links ==
Official website
Ben Fry on GitHubDr. King-Sun Fu (Chinese: 傅京孫; pinyin: Fù Jīngsūn; October 2, 1930 – April 29, 1985) was a Chinese-born American computer scientist. He was a Goss Distinguished Professor at Purdue University School of Electrical and Computer Engineering in West Lafayette, Indiana. He was instrumental in the founding of International Association for Pattern Recognition (IAPR), served as its first president, and is widely recognized for his extensive contributions to- and a pioneer in- the field of pattern recognition (within computer image analysis) and machine intelligence. In honor of the memory of Professor King-Sun Fu, IAPR gives the biennial King-Sun Fu Prize to a living person in the recognition of an outstanding technical contribution to the field of pattern recognition. The first King-Sun Fu Prize was presented in 1988, to Azriel Rosenfeld.


== Biography ==
Fu was born on October 2, 1930, in Nanjing, then China's capital. He received B.S. from National Taiwan University in 1953,  M.A. from University of Toronto in 1955, and Ph.D. from University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign in 1959.
Fu died on April 29, 1985, in Washington, DC.


== Academic life ==
Fu and others organized the First International Conference Pattern Recognition (ICPR) in 1973 and served as chairman. The conference later evolved into the formation of the International Association for Pattern Recognition by 1976 and was elected to be its president.
He reorganized the Pattern Recognition Committee and was its first chairman in 1974,  which led to the founding of the IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence (TPAMI) and he served as its first Editor-in-Chief in 1978.
King-Sun gave invited lectures in China almost every year over the past decades and was a Member of the Academia Sinica in 1978. He was instrumental in establishing the Microelectronics and Information Science and Technology Research Center at the National Chiao Tung University in 1984.


== Selected works ==
1968. Sequential Methods in Pattern Recognition. Academic
1970. Sequential Methods in Pattern Recognition and Machine Learning. New York: Academic
1974. Syntactic Methods in Pattern Recognition. New York: Academic.
1980. Statistical Pattern Classification Using Contextual Information.  Wiley
1982. Syntactic Pattern Recognition and Applications. Prentice-Hall


== See also ==
Syntactic pattern recognition


== References ==


== External links ==
DBLP: King-Sun FuPing Fu (born 1958) is a Chinese-American entrepreneur. She is the co-founder of 3D software development company Geomagic, and was its chief executive officer until February 2013 when the company was acquired by 3D Systems Inc. As of March 2014, she is the Vice President and Chief Entrepreneur Officer at 3D Systems. Fu grew up in China during the Cultural Revolution and moved to the United States in 1984. She co-founded Geomagic in 1997 with her then-husband Herbert Edelsbrunner, and has been recognized for her achievements with the company through a number of awards, including being named Inc. magazine's 2005 "Entrepreneur of the Year". In 2013, she published her memoir, Bend, Not Break, co-authored with MeiMei Fox.


== Early life and education ==
Ping Fu was born in 1958 in Nanjing, China, where her father was a professor at the Nanjing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics (NUAA). Fu spent her childhood and early adulthood in China. She grew up during the Cultural Revolution, during which she was separated from both her parents for several years. After the end of the Cultural Revolution, she attended the college that later became the Suzhou University studying Chinese literature. Fu has related in interviews and in her memoir that she chose to research China's one-child policy for her thesis and traveled to the countryside, where she found that infanticide of female infants was common, as was abortion, even late into pregnancy.  Fu said that, after turning in her research, she believes it was passed to a newspaper editor who wrote an editorial on the infanticide of female children. Fu has stated that she was later briefly imprisoned by government officials and was told to leave the country. After this event, she left school, without graduating.Fu left China and arrived in the United States in January 1984. She initially enrolled at the University of New Mexico (UNM) in Albuquerque but later moved to San Diego to study computer science as an undergraduate at the University of California, San Diego. During her time in San Diego, Fu worked part-time at a software company called Resource Systems Group as a programmer and database software consultant. Following her graduation from UC San Diego with a bachelor's degree in computer science, she moved to Illinois, where she took a job with Bell Labs. The company offered a Ph.D assistance program, through which Fu enrolled in the computer science Ph.D program at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (UIUC). At UIUC she completed a master's degree in computer science.


== Career ==


=== National Center for Supercomputing Applications ===
In the early 1990s, Fu began working at the National Center for Supercomputing Applications (NCSA) at UIUC. Her focus was on computer graphics and visualization, including projects such as developing the morphing software for animation of the liquid metal T-1000 robot in the film Terminator 2: Judgment Day. While at NCSA, she hired student researcher Marc Andreessen and was his supervisor on the project developing NCSA's Mosaic, an early multimedia web browser credited with popularizing the World Wide Web. According to her supervisor, Joseph Hardin, Fu was one of the managers involved in the discussions from which the idea for the browser was developed. In 1994 Ping took a temporary position at the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, returning to NCSA in 1995.


=== Geomagic ===
In 1996, Marc Andreessen's success with his own company, Netscape, inspired UIUC to encourage entrepreneurship and Fu developed the idea for a company that would combine manufacturing and digital technology, including 3D modeling software, the concept of which she called the "Personal Factory". She founded Geomagic with her then-husband, Herbert Edelsbrunner, whose research formed the basis for the initial software to be developed by the company. In 1997, she left the NCSA to begin operations at Geomagic, taking on the role of CEO. The company was originally named Raindrop Geomagic and was based in Champaign-Urbana, Illinois. It was founded with the aim of developing 3D imaging software that could enable customized manufacturing using 3D printers. Initially, Fu and Edelsbrunner funded Geomagic themselves, along with investment from Fu's sister Hong and her husband, and later from a group of angel investors.In 1999, Fu relocated Geomagic from Illinois to the Research Triangle Park, North Carolina. That year, Franklin Street Partners committed to invest $6.5 million in Geomagic. Fu then hired an experienced executive as CEO who ran Geomagic for two years before stepping down when the company was close to bankruptcy. Fu returned to the role of CEO in 2001, investing her own money into Geomagic and working without a salary in order to continue paying the company's employees. She was able to lead Geomagic back to stability, gaining a significant contract with Align Technology, and Geomagic returned to profitability over the following two years.From 2001 to 2003, Geomagic's sales tripled under Fu's leadership. The company became known as a leader in digital shape sampling and processing. After she and Edelsbrunner divorced, he continued to serve as an advisor at Geomagic.In February 2013, Fu sold Geomagic to 3D Systems Corporation, a 3D printing company. She became the Chief Strategy Officer and Vice-President of 3D Systems.


=== Other roles ===
In addition to leading Geomagic, Fu has held a number of advisory roles relating to technology and entrepreneurship and with charitable organizations. She has served on the U.S. National Advisory Council on Innovation and Entrepreneurship since 2010 and is also a member of the National Council on Women in Technology. In 2012, she was appointed to the board of the Long Now Foundation, a non-profit organization focused on long-term thinking and enduring technology. She also serves on the board of the Frank Hawkins Kenan Institute of Private Enterprise at the University of North Carolina, the board of Live Nation Entertainment and is an advisor at Modern Meadow, an organization focused on tissue engineering.


== Memoir ==

On December 31, 2012, Fu published a memoir, Bend, Not Break: A Life in Two Worlds. Co-authored with MeiMei Fox, the book told the stories of her life, from her early childhood in China to her experiences as an entrepreneur, including founding and leading Geomagic. The book received positive reviews from outlets including The Wall Street Journal and Oprah.com.Beginning in January 2013, commentors in the Amazon.com reviews for the memoir began posting critical reviews, accusing Fu of lying about events in her past. Around the same time, first in English,  then in Chinese  on Forbes China, Forbes published an interview with Fu that discussed Fu's memoir and her early life, which contained an inaccurate interpretation of where Ping Fu lived during the cultural revolution. Chinese netizens responded to the piece with criticisms regarding alleged fabrication of events and inconsistencies in media coverage of Fu, which raised questions in the media about the veracity of details included in the memoir. Chinese blogger Fang Zhouzi was among the critics and he later raised further questions and criticisms based on earlier media coverage of Fu. Following the initial criticisms from Fang Zhouzi and other critics, commentors appearing to be non-native English speakers knowledgeable about Chinese history posted hundreds of negative comments in the memoir's Amazon.com reviews, leading The Daily Beast and New York Times   to conclude that Ping was the subject of an online attack.Fu responded to the criticisms through a public statement, and a post on the Huffington Post website answering questions that were raised about her childhood, education and being forced to leave China. She acknowledged that there were some inaccuracies in the book. She also acknowledged that the Red Guard atrocity she related in the memoir and media interviews regarding a teacher being pulled apart by four horses may have been an emotional memory, the result of hearing tales of such barbarity in old China as a child and having nightmares about it, or seeing it in a movie, rather than actually seeing it. In response to questions about accuracy of details in the book, her publisher stated that the book is a memoir, rather than a journalistic account of the Cultural Revolution. Fu has said that a second print of the memoir will correct inaccuracies that have been pointed out.


== Awards and recognitions ==
For her work with Geomagic, Fu has received a number of awards. In 2003 she was named the Ernst & Young "Entrepreneur of the Year" for the Carolinas and received the Entrepreneurial Inspiration Award from North Carolina's Council for Entrepreneurial Development. The following year, Fast Company named her a 2004 "Fast 50" winner. In 2005, Inc. magazine named Ping its "Entrepreneur of the Year".The America China Business Women’s Alliance awarded Fu its "Business Innovation Award" in 2008 and she received the 2010 "Leadership Award" from the CAD Society. The next year, she was given a "Lifetime Achievement" award by the Triangle Business Journal. In 2011 she was given the William C. Friday Award at North Carolina State University, and in 2012, the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services named Fu as an "Outstanding American by Choice".


== References ==Henry Fuchs (born 20 January 1948 in Tokaj, Hungary) is a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences (AAAS) and the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) and the Federico Gil Professor of Computer Science at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill (UNC). He is also an adjunct professor in biomedical engineering.
His research interests are in computer graphics, particularly rendering algorithms, hardware, virtual environments, telepresence systems, and applications in medicine.Fuchs was elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering in 1997 for contributions to computer graphics hardware and algorithms.


== Career ==
Fuchs started his career as a programmer and consultant at the University of California at Santa Cruz, and as an engineer and consultant at the Image Processing Laboratory of NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory in the California Institute of Technology. After the completion of his PhD in computer science in 1975 at the University of Utah, he became an adjunct associate professor of mathematical sciences and of medical computer science at the University of Texas at Dallas. In 1983 he became a professor of Computer Science at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, and in 1988 he was promoted to the Federico Gil Distinguished Professor there, a position he still holds.


== Awards and honours ==
In 1997 Fuchs became a member of the National Academy of Engineering (NAE).  In 1992, he received both the ACM SIGGRAPH Achievement Award and the Academic Award of the National Computer Graphics Association (NCGA), and in 1997 he received the Satava Award of the Medicine Meets Virtual Reality Conference. In 2013 he was honored with the IEEE-VGTC Virtual Reality Career Award, and was awarded the Steven Anson Coons Award for Outstanding Creative Contributions to Computer Graphics in 2015. In 2018 Henry Fuchs received an Honorary Doctorate from TU Wien.


== References ==


== External links ==
 Media related to Henry Fuchs at Wikimedia Commons
Henry Fuchs home page at the Department of Computer Science, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
Henry Fuchs at DBLP Bibliography ServerIra H. Fuchs (born December 1948) is an internationally known authority on technology innovation in higher education and is a co-founder of BITNET, an important precursor of the Internet. 
He was inducted into the Internet Hall of Fame in 2017. Since 2012 he has been President of BITNET, LLC a consulting firm specializing in online learning and other applications of technology in higher education.


== Career ==
Ira Fuchs graduated from the Columbia University School of Engineering and Applied Sciences in 1969 with a B.S. (Applied Physics) and in 1976 with a M.S. (Computer Science and Electrical Engineering). From 1973, at the age of 24, until 1980 he served as the first Executive Director of the University Computer Center at The City University of New York (CUNY) and then as CUNY's Vice Chancellor of University Systems until 1985.
With Greydon Freeman, Mr. Fuchs co-founded BITNET in 1981 by initially connecting CUNY and Yale University. In the mid-1980s BITNET connected millions of users from more than 1,400 institutions of higher education, government laboratories, and IBM's VNET network. It was the first academic computer network to connect the United States to Japan, Taiwan, Singapore, Israel, the USSR, and most of western Europe. Along with Daniel Oberst and Ricky Hernandez, Fuchs was co-inventor of LISTSERV, an electronic mailing list application. From 1984 until 1989 Mr. Fuchs was President of BITNET Inc. and from 1989 to 2003 he was President of the Corporation for Research and Educational Networking (CREN), a not-for-profit organization that operated the BITNET academic computer network, as well as the CSNET network.
From 1985 until 2000 Fuchs was vice president for Computing and Information Technology at Princeton University. In 1994, he was a co-founder of JSTOR, a not-for-profit organization dedicated to archiving and providing access to important scholarly journals. He served as the first Chief Scientist of JSTOR from 1994–2000.
From 2000 until 2010 he was vice president and Program Officer for Research in Information Technology at The Andrew W. Mellon Foundation, where he directed the Foundation's grant making in the area of digital technologies that can be applied to academic and administrative use in colleges and universities, libraries, museums, and arts organizations. Open source software initiatives supported by the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation include Sakai, uPortal, Kuali, Sophie, Chandler, Zotero, Open Knowledge Initiative, Bamboo, CollectionSpace, ConservationSpace, DecaPod, Fedora, SIMILE, DSpace, FLUID, OpenCast, SEASR, Visual Understanding Environment, and the Open Library Environment (OLE).From 2010 until 2012 he was Executive Director of Next Generation Learning Challenges where he was responsible for the development and day-to-day operations of the program which provides grants, builds evidence, and develops an active community committed to identifying and scaling technology-enabled approaches that dramatically improve college readiness and completion.
Mr. Fuchs is currently a Director/Trustee of The Seeing Eye, The Philadelphia Contributionship (the oldest property insurer in the US) and Ithaka Harbors Inc. He was also a Founding Trustee of JSTOR, USENIX,  the Internet Society and a former Trustee of Mills College, Sarah Lawrence College, Princeton University Press, the Open Source Applications Foundation, Princeton Public Library (Princeton, NJ) (Treasurer), and the Global Education Learning Community.


== Selected publications ==
— (March 2001). "Prospects and Possibilities of the Digital Age" (PDF). Proc. Am. Philos. Soc. 145 (1): 45–53. ISBN 1-4223-7275-8. JSTOR 1558324.
— (June 1998). "The Promise and Challenge of New Technologies in Higher Education". Proc. Am. Philos. Soc. 142 (2): 191–206. ISBN 1-4223-7264-2. JSTOR 3152298.
"Network Information is Not Free", Scholarly Publishing: The Electronic Frontier, Robin P. Peek and Gregory B. Newby, editors, Cambridge, MA, The MIT Press, 1996
"Research Networks and Acceptable Use", Educom Bulletin, Vol 23, No.2/3, Summer/Fall 1988, pp 43–48
Landweber, Lawrence H.; Jennings, Dennis M.; — (June 1986). "Research Computer Networks and Their Interconnection". IEEE Communications Magazine. 23 (6): 5–17. doi:10.1109/MCOM.1986.1093103.
Jennings, Dennis M.; Landweber, Lawrence H.; —; Farber, David J.; Adrion, W. Richards (February 28, 1986). "Computer Networking for Scientists". Science. 231 (4741): 943–950. doi:10.1126/science.231.4741.943. JSTOR 1696954. PMID 17740290.
— (March 1983). "BITNET – Because It's Time". Perspectives in Computing. IBM. 3 (1): 16–27.


== Awards ==
Internet Hall of Fame, inducted 2017(Video)
Indiana University's Thomas Hart Benton Mural Medallion - 2011 (Video)
Educause- Excellence in Leadership 2010 (Award acknowledges leadership within higher education information technology)
Educause- Excellence in Leadership 2000 (Highest professional award given to a CIO of an academic institution)
Internet Innovator Award, Technology New Jersey Inc. 1999


== References ==


== External links ==
"How a Ham Radio Inspired the Internet", Internet Hall of Fame, August 2018
"Archimedes' Lever and Collaboration: An Interview with Ira Fuchs" by Richard N. Katz, Educause, March/April 2001
CUNY Matters, September, 2006, Page 8
"Needed: an 'Educore' to Aid Collaboration", Chronicle of Higher Education, September 2004, Volume 51, Issue 5, Page B19
" Collaboration for a Positive-Sum Outcome: An Interview with Ira H. Fuchs" by Christopher J. Mackie, Educause Review, Volume 46, Number 3, May/June 2011
Princeton Packet Magazine, October 2015
Encyclopedia.com, February 2021
Entrepreneur's Handbook, April 2021
Web Masters Episode #32, April 2021Richard Masao Fujimoto is a computer scientist and researcher in reverse computation, distributed computing, and big data. He is a Regents’ Professor, Emeritus, in the School of Computational Science and Engineering (CSE) at the Georgia Institute of Technology. He was also the founding chair of Georgia Tech's school of CSE. Fujimoto's research has provided the basis for the development of new algorithms and computational techniques for discrete event simulations, including the development of the Georgia Tech Time Warp software, which was adopted for use by MITRE to create a commercial air traffic simulator. Fujimoto also led the development and definition of the time management services in the High Level Architecture (HLA) for modeling and simulation which was standardized under IEEE 1516.


== Selected awards ==
IEEE Fellow, 2020, "For his work in the field of parallel and distributed discrete event simulation"
I/ITSEC Fellow, 2019
ACM Fellow, 2017, "For achievements in modeling and simulations"


== References ==